# https://www.figpii.com/data-processing-agreement
FigPii - Data Processing Agreement
Recent Updates
Looking to schedule a demo?
Click Here
Solutions
AB Testing
Heatmaps
Session Recordings
Polls
Flicker-free
Pricing
Agencies
Support
Knowledge Base
Recent Updates
Roadmap
Contact Us
About Us
Resources
Blog
A/B Test Duration Calculator
A/B Sample Size Calculator
Google Optimize Migration
GDPR Requests
Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date: 13th September 2023
Version number: 1. 1
Data Processing Agreement
This Data Processing Agreement (the “DPA”) forms part of FigPii’s
Terms of Use
(the “Principal Agreement”), and is incorporated into the Principal Agreement by reference. FigPii reserves the right to make changes to the respective Agreements at any time without notice. Any updated versions of the aforesaid Agreements will be posted on our website.
1.
Introduction
This DPA applies when you sign up for our services, and FigPii acts as the Processor of your Personal Data. When we provide these services to you, you are the Controller of the Personal Data that we Process because you decide why and how we Process that Personal Data.
2.
Definitions and Interpretations
2. 1.
The defined terms in this DPA supplement the terms of the Principal Agreement. Terms not defined herein will have the meaning as set forth in the Principal Agreement. If there is a conflict between any of the Principal Agreement’s provisions and this DPA’s provisions, the provisions of the DPA will prevail.
“
Controller
”
means the person who decides why and how personal data will be processed. This would be you, our Customer.
“
Data Protection Law
”
means any and all data protection laws and regulations that apply to FigPii’s Processing of Personal Data under the DPA including, the GDPR, the Protection of Personal Information Act 4 of 2013, ePrivacy laws and, to the extent applicable, the data protection or privacy laws of any other country;
“
Data Subject
”
means the person whose data is processed, which are your customers or site visitors.
“
GDPR
”
means the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons
with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation).
“
Personal Data
”
means any data or information that relates to an individual who can be directly or indirectly identified. For example, names and email addresses are personal data. Location information, ethnicity, gender, biometric data, religious beliefs, web cookies, and political opinions can also be
personal data.
“
Personal Data Breach
”
any unauthorized or otherwise unlawful personal data processing.
“
Process
I
Processing
”
means any action performed on data, whether automated or manual. This would include collecting, recording, organizing, structuring, storing, using, or erasing. Thus, basically doing anything with data.
“
Processor
”
means FigPii, a third party that processes personal data on behalf of a data controller.
“
Standard Contractual Clauses”
means the new Standard Contractual Clauses (the “SCCs”) adopted by the European Commission on 4 June 2021 to facilitate the transfer of data between EU/EEA and non-EU/EEA countries.
“
Subprocessor
”
means any person appointed by or on behalf of the Processor to process Personal Data on behalf of FigPii in connection with the Agreement.
3.
Agreement Subject Matter
3. 1.
Application
. The DPA applies when FigPii Processes your Personal Data subject to the applicable Data Protection Law.
3. 2.
Acceptance.
By using our products and services you are deemed to have read, understood, accepted, and agreed to be bound by all of the terms of the respective Agreements.
3. 3.
Duration.
FigPii will Process Personal Data until the Principal Agreement expires or terminates, unless otherwise agreed in writing, subject to clause 4. 1. 5 below.
3. 4.
Limitations.
DPA does not apply where FigPii Processes data on either Controller or Data Subject’s behalf in terms of any activity not set out in the Principal Agreement.
3. 5.
Details of Processing.
The following details related to the Processing is described in the Principal Agreement and our
Privacy Policy
, which are incorporated into this DPA by reference:
3. 5. 1.
the Processing’s subject-matter;
3. 5. 2.
the Processing’s nature;
3. 5. 3.
the Processing’s purpose;
3. 5. 4.
the Personal data type;
3. 5. 5.
the Data Subject categories; and
3. 5. 6.
the Controller’s rights.
4.
Data Processing and Protection
4. 1.
Processor’s Obligations
4. 1. 1.
Processing of Data
FigPii will comply with the applicable Data Protection Law when Processing Personal Data and will only Process Personal Data on Controller’s documented instructions.
Controller instructs FigPii to Process Personal Data to provide the Services and related technical support in terms of the Principal Agreement.
4. 1. 2.
Data Transfer
FigPii may only transfer Personal Data to a third country or international organisation on Controller’s documented instructions, unless required to do so by applicable law.
FigPii must advise Controller about the legal requirement before Processing the Personal Data, unless the law prohibits them from doing so in the public interest. The Parties agree that the DPA and Principal Agreement constitute Controller’s documented instructions for Processing Personal Data.
4. 1. 3.
Processors Personnel
FigPii will take reasonable steps to ensure that persons authorised by FigPii to Process any Personal Data are subject to appropriate confidentiality obligations.
FigPii imposes appropriate contractual obligations upon its personnel, including relevant obligations regarding confidentiality, data protection and data security. For more information, please see our
Privacy Policy
.
4. 1. 4.
Security Measures
Data Security
FigPii will implement appropriate technical and organisational security measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk, including, the measures referred to in Data Protection Law, and the measures referred to in FigPii’s
Security Statement
.
In assessing the appropriate level of security, FigPii will pay special attention to accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed.
Audits
FigPii will cooperate and provide reasonable assistance for audits (including inspections) by Controller or another auditor that they mandate. Controller must provide FigPii with at least 30 (thirty) business days prior written notice of Controller’s intention to audit.
Controller is responsible for any costs arising from the requested audit.
Access to information
Where necessary, FigPii will give Controller reasonable access to audit the relevant records that are necessary to demonstrate our compliance with our data protection obligations.
Personal Data Breach
FigPii will notify Controller without undue delay after becoming aware of a Personal Data Breach.
Assistance to Controller
Any Personal Data Breach notification FigPii makes to assist Controller will include information FigPii is reasonably able to disclose, taking into account:
the technical and organisational measures Controller requires to fulfil its obligation to respond to requests by Data Subjects, and
the nature of Processing, the information available to FigPii, and any restrictions on disclosing the information, such as confidentiality.
4. 1. 5.
Return or Deletion of Personal Data
Any time upon notification by Controller, FigPii will, and will cause its Subprocessors to securely delete all Personal Data (including all copies and backups) to the extent permitted by applicable law, within 7 business days.
FigPii agrees to preserve the confidentiality of any Personal Data retained by us in accordance with applicable law. Any active Processing of such Personal Data after the Data Processing services are terminated will be limited to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law. FigPii will ensure that the post-termination obligations in this section are also required of Subprocessors.
4. 1. 6.
Subprocessing
Restriction
FigPii will not appoint or assign any of its obligations to any Subprocessor without Controller’s prior specific authorisation or general written authorisation (provided that FigPii informs Controller of any intended changes to Subprocessors and gives Controller an opportunity to object to such changes).
4. 1. 7.
Authorised Subprocessors
Subprocessor Name
Purpose of Processing
Location of Processing
Fastly, Inc.
For CDN, Fastly, Inc. (“Fastly”) provides content distribution, security and DNS services for web traffic transmitted to and from the Services. Secure and manage traffic to the Services, with access to URL interactions and IP addresses. Further reading:
Compliance
.
Global, Fully GDPR Compliant
Cloudflare, Inc.
For CDN, Cloudflare, Inc. (“Cloudflare”) provides content distribution, security and DNS services for web traffic transmitted to and from the Services. Secure and manage traffic to the Services, with access to URL interactions and IP addresses. Further reading:
Compliance
.
Global, Fully GDPR Compliant
Amazon Web Services
Cloud Hosting Services (SOC 2 Type 2, SOC 3 audited, ISO 27001,27017,27018 Certified). Further reading:
GDPR Compliance
.
United States (Us-east-1), Ireland (eu-west-1), Global
OVH Cloud Services
Cloud Hosting Services, long-term storage,
list of certifications
. Further reading:
Compliance
.
Quebec, Canada, Fully GDPR Compliant
4. 1. 8.
Specific obligations
FigPii will ensure that its Subprocessors are bound by data protection obligations compatible with our obligations as a Processor under this DPA.
4. 2.
Controller’s Obligations
4. 2. 1.
Warranties
. Controller warrants that it has all necessary rights to provide the Personal Data to FigPii.
4. 2. 2.
Responsibilities.
Controller must make sure that certain designated personnel within their organisation:
provide all necessary privacy notices to data subjects;
obtain any necessary Data Subject consent to the Processing;
maintain a record of such consent; and
Communicate to Processor that a Data Subject has revoked consent, where a Data Subject does so;
to the extent that applicable Data Protection Law requires.
5.
Processing of Personal Data outside of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”)
5. 1.
Standard Contractual Clauses
5. 1. 1.
When does it apply?
The Standard Contract Clauses apply to any Processing where the parties:
directly (or via onward transfer) transfer Personal Data outside of the EEA or otherwise to an undesignated territory; or
Processes Personal Data originating in the EEA outside of it or in an undesignated territory (a territory that has not been designated by the European Commission to ensure adequate levels of protection for Personal Data).
5. 1. 2.
When does it not apply?
Personal Data that the Parties otherwise transfer or Process; or
Where Parties have adopted binding corporate rules or a similar mechanism or alternate recognised compliance standard for the lawful transfer of personal data outside the EEA.
5. 1. 3.
Adequate protection
The Parties will assess whether the following requirements are met:
the level of protection of the third country meets the level required by the applicable Data Protection Law, and
the laws of the third country enable the Processor to comply with the SCCs.
Supplementary measures may be taken to ensure a level of protection equivalent to the protection provided under the applicable data protection law, if the requirements in this clause are not met. The Parties will implement the guidance from the relevant supervisory authority to determine the supplementary measures they must put in place.
6.
General Terms
6. 1.
Confidentiality
FigPii will keep all Personal Data confidential, and will not disclose it to any third party except as is required by law.
6. 2.
Notices
All notices and communications given under this Agreement must be in writing and will be sent via email. Controller will be notified via email sent to the address related to its use of the Services under the Principal Agreement. FigPii will be notified via email, sent to the address: legal@FigPii. com.
6. 3.
Liability and indemnity
Each Party indemnifies the other and holds them harmless against all claims, actions, third party claims, losses, damages and expenses that the other party incurs arising out of a breach of this DPA or Applicable Data Protection law by the indemnifying party, provided that:
6. 3. 1.
each Party provides the other with a notice of the claim promptly after receiving it;
6. 3. 2.
the indemnified Party gives the indemnifying Party the right to control the defence;
6. 3. 3.
the indemnified Party will provide the indemnifying Party with reasonable assistance as necessary; and
6. 3. 4.
the indemnified Party will avoid admission of liability.
Contact
If there are any questions regarding this Statement you may contact FigPii using the information below:
FigPii Knowledge Base
Our commitment to GDPR
Privacy Policy
Google API Services User Data Policy
Security at FigPii
Have any questions? Contact us at
support@figpii.com
.
PLATFORM
Signup
Pricing
Knowledge Center
ABOUT US
About Us
Contact Us
Terms and conditions
Privacy & Security
Blog
SUBSCRIBE
© 2023 FigPii. All rights reserved.
+1.248.270.3325
