# https://requests.figpii.com/gdpr
FigPii GDPR
Our commitment to GDPR
Copyright - FigPi
Summary:
FigPii is completely compliant with GDPR and CCPA requirements.
FigPii redacts all personal information before they're sent to our servers.
Request your data here.
Request your data to be removed here.
Have questions? contact us at support@figpii.com
My Data
Data Removal
WE DON'T JUST WORK WITH EVERYONE – YOU ARE A GOOD FIT IF
What is GDPR?
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) came into effect on May 25, 2018. It is one of the most comprehensive changes made to data privacy regulations in the last two decades. The GDPR provides the citizens of the EU greater control over their personal data and unifies a number of existing privacy and security laws under one umbrella law.
Does it affect us?
GDPR applies to all organizations that handle personal data of individuals from the EU region, irrespective of where they are located.
At FigPii, we are committed to ensuring your data is secure with us. We only collect information that is absolutely necessary to understand how your users are interacting with your website.
FigPii does not collect any personally identifiable data.
We do not collect full IP address, all form input information is discarded and replaced with * before being sent to our servers.
What data does FigPii collect?
FigPii does not collect any of the following data:
name and surname
address
job title
phone number
email address
invoicing details (name of entity, tax identification number)
Credit card information
How is FigPii GDPR compliant?
At FigPii, fulfilling our privacy and data security commitments is important to us.
We’ve built a robust security framework, and we regularly review our internal access design to ensure the right people have access to the right level of customer data.
We have also:
Invested in our security infrastructure
Audited our data architecture and retention policies
Audited our vendors and ensured they comply with the regulation
Updated our Privacy Policy
Enabled our customers to meet their GDPR obligations
To permanently delete an individual’s data, fill in your data here:
Note: It is possible that in some cases, due to legal or contractual obligations, we would not be able to delete your data immediately, but rest assured, FigPii will remove data as soon as it is technically and legally possible.
Removal of data (‘Right to be forgotten’)
Data Removal
Exporting data (‘Right to portability’)
To export an individual’s data, fill in your data here:
Note: You will receive your data in your inbox within 2 business days.
My Data
For any other questions, requests or issues regarding your data and how it is used, please reach out to us at support@figpii.com we’ll be happy to help.
Consent management
Consent standards have increased under the GDPR. However, FigPii has already been compliant with similar existing requirements inside data privacy regulations from other jurisdictions, including countries within Europe.
You can enable the option for user consent under Account Management. With this option enabled, FigPii will not communicate any collected data to our servers until user consents.
What do we ask you to do?
Make sure your Terms of Service or Privacy Policy properly communicate to your users how you are using FigPii (and any other similar services) on your website or app.
The GDPR can heavily penalize you if you’ve not done this clearly. We recommend you ensure your policies are up to date and clear to your readers.
