# https://www.uniform.dev/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Uniform DXP
Request a demo
Platform
Back to main menu
Platform
Composable DXP
Simplicity, flexibility, and true composability at scale
Visual workspace
Multi-source visual experience management
Content Management
Visual meets headless CMS
Personalization
Flicker-less fast personalization
A/B testing
Run experiments without hurting core web vitals
Composability & orchestration
Manage your composable stack without glue code
Localization
Granular localization on every level
AI Agent
Generate, launch, and optimize with GenAI and an AI Agent
No-code Integrations
70+ integrations and bring your own API
Learn
Back to main menu
Learn
Blog
Latest thinking from our experts
Resources
Case studies, guides, whitepapers & webinars
Recipes
Real-world examples showing what you can do with Uniform
Product news
The latest product updates
Documentation
Technical documentation to dive deeper
FAQs
Answering top questions about Uniform
2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™
Uniform Recognized as a Visionary in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Digital Experience Platforms
READ THE REPORT
Customers
Partners
Pricing
Company
Back to main menu
Company
About us
Discover the story behind Uniform.
Stand with Ukraine
Join us in solidarity and support for the people of Ukraine
Press
Stay updated with Uniform's latest achievements and recognitions
Careers
Join our team and be part of the innovation journey
Contact us
Connect with us for personalized support and information
Events & Webinars
Connect with Uniform through worldwide conferences, meetups, road shows, and webinars.
Explore Events
Search
Log in
Back to main menu
Log in
Data Center Region
North America
Europe
Request a demo
Privacy Policy
Effective date: November, 5th, 2025
Uniform Systems, Inc. and its affiliate companies (“Uniform”, "us", "we", or "our") provide products and services via uniform.dev and other sites that link to this policy (collectively the "Service”).
This Privacy Policy informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from
uniform.dev
Key Terms
Data Controller
means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any Personal Data may be processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processor (or Service Provider
) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User
) is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Personal Data
means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, your IP address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data).
Personal Data we Collect and How we Collect It
Categories in Past 12 Months
In the past 12 months we have collected Personal Data in the following categories:
Name, email and other business contact information
Geolocation data: any information used to identify your physical location
Communications, recordings, images: audio, electronic, visual
Usage Data regarding your use of the Service
Information provided by third parties as described in Third Party Cookies below
Tracking Cookies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information. Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. We may also use other tracking technologies such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Global Privacy Control/ Do Not Track
Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a technical specification that you can use to inform websites of your privacy preferences in regard to ad trackers. To set up GPC, you can visit the
Global Privacy Control
website at https://globalprivacycontrol.org. If you set up GPC, we will automatically turn off all non-required cookies on our websites for you. Please note that this may impact the functionality of the Service. Do Not Track is a non-binding technical setting that Uniform will treat the same as GPC opt-out settings.
Third-Party Cookies
We may partner with third parties, including, but not limited to, advertising and remarketing providers, or other brand partners, for purposes of personalizing or otherwise understanding how you engage with ads or other content. These third parties may use cookies, pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear gifs), or other technologies to collect information about you in furtherance of such purposes, including to tailor, target (i.e., behavioral, contextual, retargeting, and remarketing), analyze, report on, and/or manage advertising campaigns or other initiatives. For example, when a browser visits a site, pixel tags enable us and these third-parties to recognize certain cookies stored within the browser to learn which ads or other content bring a user to a given site. In addition, we may receive personal data from these third parties, including through their service providers, such as advertising identifiers, IP addresses, and post-conversion data.
For Google AdWords, you can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
In addition, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising by participating providers by clicking the Manage Cookie link at the bottom of the page or visiting http://www.networkadvertising.org, http://www.aboutads.info/choices and http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ if located in the European Union.
Categories of Sources of Personal Data
In the past 12 months we have collected Personal Data about Data Subjects from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you, when you provide it to us digitally or physically when you use the Service, or contact us via email, telephone, or by any other means
As well as from:
your employer, when your employer is a customer of ours
service providers and third parties who provide it to us (for example marketing partners).
How
we Use Personal Data
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
Uniform’s legal basis under GDPR and other applicable laws for collecting and using Personal Data depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. Uniform may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights
To comply with the law
Business and Commercial Purposes
We collect and use Personal Data:
To provide, maintain and improve our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To provide customer support
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To conduct market or customer satisfaction research; and engage with you for the purposes of obtaining your views on our products and services
To manage our internal operations, including sales, finance, audit and vendor management
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations under applicable law
To provide our Service in ways not already described in the categories above
To contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or the instructions provided in any email we send.
Retention of Data
Uniform will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Uniform will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction. If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Uniform will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other Personal Data.
How and to Whom We Disclose Personal Data
During the Past 12 Months
In the past 12 months we have disclosed the categories of Personal Data to some or all of the following categories of recipients:
Other users within your account on the Service
Our Service Providers
Accountants, auditors, financial advisors, lawyers and other outside professional advisors (subject to contractual or statutory duties of confidentiality)
Service Providers (examples include hosting service providers; marketing partners)
Service Providers
We may employ Service Providers to provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics Providers
We may use one or more third–party analytics services (such as Google Analytics) to evaluate your use of the Service, compile Usage Data reports and analyze performance metrics. These third parties use cookies and other technologies to help collect, analyze and provide us reports and/or data. By accessing and/or using the Service, you consent to the processing of data about you by these analytics providers in the manner and for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. For more information on these third parties, including how to opt out from certain data collection, please visit the site(s) below. Please note that opting out may impact the functionality of the Service.
Google Analytics
PostHog
HubSpot
6sense
Unify
Business Transactions
We may transfer your Personal Data to potential investors and acquirors (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed investment in, purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business. We will provide notice before your Personal Data becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Legal Requirements
Uniform may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Uniform
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Your Data Protection Rights
Information and Access to your Personal Data
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), US privacy laws and laws in other jurisdictions provide you with certain rights regarding access to, correction and deletion of your Personal Data. Uniform aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
You may have some or all of the following data protection rights, depending on the applicable laws where you live:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you
. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification
. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete. The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction
. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your Personal Data.
The right to data portability
. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent
. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Uniform relied on your consent to process your Personal Data.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that we do not operate. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@uniform.dev
.
Platform
Composable DXP
Content management
Visual workspace
Personalization
AI Agents
A/B testing
Composability & Orchestration
Localization
Integrations
Pricing
Customers
Partners
Integrations
Content Management Systems
Commerce
Customer Data
Application Delivery
Generative AI
Digital Asset Management
Feature Management and Experiments
Search & Discovery
Translation & Localization
Product Information Management
Resources
Blog
Resources
Recipes
Uniform Platform Docs
Uniform for Sitecore Docs
Product news
FAQs
What is a Visual Workspace?
Experience operations
Refer & Earn
Company
About us
Stand with Ukraine
Press
Events
Careers
Contact us
Media Kit
Support
Trust Center
Status
© 2026 Uniform Systems, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
|
Fair Use Policy
|
MSA
|
DPA
|
Trust Center
