# https://docs.uniform.app/docs/guides/personalization/edge-side-personalization
Edge-side personalization | Uniform DXP documentation
Guides
Select a tab
Home
Get started
Tutorials
Guides
APIs
SDK
Integrations
Knowledge base
Changelog
Get started
Tutorials
Guides
APIs
SDK
Integrations
Knowledge base
Changelog
Search
⌘K
Data Center Region
Theme
Experience guides
Models
Composition
Patterns
Organize and find content
Project maps
Building experiences with AI
Optimization guides
Classification
Personalization
Canvas personalization
Edge-side personalization
Activate personalization
A/B testing
Optimize with AI
AI & AI agents
About AI in Uniform
Scout
AI guidance
AI quick edits
MCP Server
AI rules
AI credits
Developer guides
API access
APIs
CLI
Packages
Webhooks
Administration guides
Regions
Teams
Projects
Users
Security
Roles and permissions
Security audit log
Migration guides
Uniform Siphon
Uniform Transformation
Sitecore XM/XP Migration
Installation
Data download
Walkthough
Reference
Contentful CMS Migration
On this page
Edge-side personalization
Edge-side personalization enables personalization instructions to
run on a CDN. This offers a number of advantages to personalization
that runs on the client or a server without requiring any changes
to the content authoring process.
Edge-side personalization benefits
#
When customers look to achieve fast performance, elastic scale, enhanced security, and infrastructure efficiency of their web properties, they turn to Jamstack and static websites. Where static sites typically fail to deliver is when you need to alter the web experience of each individual visitor. The marketing users want to keep personalization and A/B testing capabilities, so they can continuously optimize the web experience and increase the conversions.
While there are client-side tools that work on the DOM-level, this approach predates the modern virtual DOM-based front-end libraries and frameworks, like React and Vue. This causes constant conflict for DOM (HTML), which results in flicker, content swaps, poor UX for your visitors in general, as well as a negative impact on Core Web Vitals.
This is when the digital architects turn back to the server-side rendering. Depending on the specific parameters of the solution, this may set you back in terms of infrastructure overhead and even performance. Going back from the Jamstack paradigm to more traditional server-side rendering can come with some trade-offs.
This is where the edge-side processing of static sites comes to the rescue. Powered by the edge compute capability of a Content Delivery Network, this functionality allows to continue generating static pages at build-time (Jamstack) but also provides the ability to modify page contents before it reaches the user's browser.
This allows keeping the best of both worlds: stellar performance, scale, and security characteristics that Jamstack is great for, and run personalization and A/B testing.
You can see an example of the kind of performance benefit involved. And since this works on a variety of CDNs, you can use the system you prefer. The following is the result of a real test using webpagetest.org where you can see sub-second page-load time without any page flicker.
Select a tab
Netlify
Vercel
Netlify
Vercel
https://uniformedgep13ndemo.netlify.app/?utm_campaign=unfrmconf
https://uniformedgep13ndemo.vercel.app/?utm_campaign=unfrmconf
Functionality
#
The following functionality is possible with Uniform's edge-side personalization:
Location-based personalization
- CDNs that offer edge compute
capabilities typically provide IP address-based location
information to applications. Uniform exposes this location data
as
quirks
that can be
used to create
signals
for Uniform personalization.
Request-based personalization
- All information available in
the HTTP request can be used for personalization. This includes
query-string parameters (such as
utm_campaign
) and cookies.
Visitor context personalization
- Any information your app
collects during the visitor's session can be used. This includes
things like user preferences, profile details, and shopping history.
CDP-based personalization
- Visitor information can be loaded
from a CDP - or any API-based data context provider, for that
matter. Once loaded, this information can be used as a basis for
personalization.
Supported CDNs
#
Uniform edge-side personalization and A/B testing can run on any edge worker platform.
Currently, we officially support the following CDNs. If your preferred CDN has edge compute capabilities but isn't listed above,
contact us
.
Akamai
using EdgeWorkers.
Cloudflare
using Workers.
Netlify
using Edge Functions.
Vercel
using Edge Middleware.
Was this page helpful?
Last modified
3 minutes ago
Previous
←
Canvas personalization
Next
Activate personalization
→
Learn and build with our community on Discord
Check out open sourced examples on GitHub
Learn about Uniform on YouTube
Level up your skills in all things headless with Headless Creator
On this page
Edge-side personalization benefits
Functionality
Supported CDNs
