# https://www.omniconvert.com/pulse
Omniconvert Pulse | NPS Software for Retail
Menu
×
Platform
AI eCommerce Growth Engine
Omniconvert Nexus
Your eCommerce growth, on autopilot. Nexus finds the opportunity, runs the test, creates the ad, launches the campaign.
The Product
Customer Intelligence
Integrations
Pricing
Install now →
Conversion · CRO Platform
Omniconvert Explore
CRO and A/B testing. Run experiments on product pages, checkouts, anything that impacts revenue.
The Product
A/B Testing
Website Overlays
Surveys
Pricing
Experience · Customer Experience
Omniconvert Pulse
NPS software for retail. Measure sentiment, trigger real-time action, reduce churn.
The Product
Features
Pricing
Retention · Customer Analytics
Omniconvert Reveal
MOVING
Becoming the Customer Intelligence layer inside Nexus.
Customer intelligence, RFM, CLV, segmentation.
See Nexus Customer Intelligence →
Solutions
By goal
Reduce CAC
Grow customer lifetime value
Increase revenue per visitor
Reduce cart abandonment
Reduce churn
Scale experiments
By role
For VPs of Growth
For Marketing Managers
For CRO & Analytics
For Performance Marketers
By platform
Shopify
BigCommerce
Magento
Resources
Blog
Ebooks, Tools, Templates
Case Studies
Ecommerce Growth Stories
Help Center
Digital Marketing Glossary
Compare Us
Services
Data Services
Managed Services
How We Help
CRO Audit
Pricing
Customers
Case Studies
Reviews
Login
Explore Login
Reveal Login
Pulse Login
Login
Explore Login
Reveal Login
Pulse Login
See How It Works
30 mins, no hard sell
Home
Solutions
Pulse
It’s time to turn Voice of Customer into profit: the most advanced NPS software for retail
Understand how your customers are feeling in an instant. Get custom insights and set data-driven improvements in the user journey seamlessly by measuring the NPS at every touchpoint.
Simply set scenarios and solve objections in real-time by notifying the responsible team instantly and prioritising actions based on predicted impact.
Book a call
Embraced by industry leaders across the globe
CRO Case Study
CRO Case Study
CRO Case Study
CRO Case Study
CEO/Retail Director
CX Manager/Store/Category Manager
Customer rep
Increase the number of loyal customers, improve Customer Lifetime Value, and maximize profits with automated RFM segmentation and actionable insights for your eCommerce business.
How your customers feel
How many customers are you losing and why
What are the root causes of customer churn
Movers and shakers – your best and worst products: sales AND customer feedback
Are your managers on track?
What keeps them from being on track? Your customers’ feedback, not theirs
What are the main issues that affect customer experience – powered by NLP and AI
You want to make the best out of your customer base.
Our solution helps you get the big picture AND act in real time:
How your customers feel – Net Promoter Score (before/after the experience)
How many customers are you losing and why
Get notified and take action instantly when something goes south from customer feedback
What are the root causes of customer churn
Movers and shakers – the best and worst brands/ channels/stores/ categories – by sales AND by customer feedback
Are managers on track with their sales / NPS scores: at the role/ individual level
What keeps them from being on track? Your customers’ feedback, not theirs.
What are the main issues that affect customer experience – powered by NLP and AI
You want to serve customers and make them happy.
Our solution helps you get what they are after AND act in real-time:
Find out how customers feel about their interaction with you – NPS
How many sales are you generating
Get notified and take action instantly if customers give you negative feedback
What are the root causes of customers giving you bad ratings (if they do)
How close are you to reaching your goals (customer satisfaction and/or sales)
NPS + Data insights = Happy Customers
From company journey to customer journey. Monitor NPS by:
Customer Segment
Customer Segment
Brand
Specific Step in the User Journey
Country
Role
Employee
Take action in real-time
Customer Segment
Brand
Specific Step in the User Journey
Country
Role
Employee
Take action in real-time
Customer Segment
Monitor the NPS by customer segment and make sure that your best customers get the best CX. Discover new ways to prevent churn and to get valuable insights for the customers that matter most.
Brand
Find the brands that are performing from best to worst. Give your product merchandising team the means to spot anomalies and make data-driven decisions. Monitor how the NPS has been affected by new collections and offers throughout the time.
Specific Step in the User Journey
Find how your company is delivering on the promises by monitoring the NPS pre-delivery, post-delivery, or at key moments on the customer journey (like post-consumption). Take action and monitor how those are impacting the NPS at various steps in the customer journey.
Country
Find the countries that are performing the best and/or the worst. Give your country managers the context to understand how they perform. Find how various initiatives have positively affected the customer experience and replicate what works in the best countries.
Role
Find the roles that are harming the customer experience the most. Offer your retail leaders the means to improve the customer journey. Find how various initiatives have positively affected the customer experience and replicate what works in the best stores.
Employee
Find the employees that are performing the best and/or the worst. Give your managers the means to reward or coach the ones that need their attention. Find how various initiatives have positively affected the customer experience and replicate what works in the best stores.
Take action in real-time
Leverage the power of AI Natural Language Processing to monitor how customer experience is evolving through time. Prioritize your actions based on impact and discover how various initiatives address main customer experience issues.
Generate actions and automations to improve the CX & CLV
Using the audiences from Reveal & the integrations, you can set various automated scenarios to improve the customer journey based on the NPS from Acquisition, to Retention, and Loyalty.
Collect the pre-delivery NPS when the order is placed
Collect the post-delivery NPS via email, SMS or ads
Email Tools
Orchestrate personalized email campaigns with different messages for detractors, neutrals, or promoters.
SMS Tools
Trigger SMS campaigns for various customers based on their NPS score.
Customer Helpdesk tools
Trigger NPS alerts to customer helpdesk and transform CS from reactive to proactive (based on their scores and/or RFM segment).
Customer Loyalty tools
Push segmentation and customer experience data (NPS) for a proactive loyalty program.
Turn customer data into actionable insights seamlessly
Leverage our high-end CX & CLV solutions to connect the dots and drive improvement in your company with no hassle in 4 steps.
Data Collection
We process data about customers, orders and products from your data sources.
Generating Insights
Our solution processes the data to segment the customers based on their RFM scores, locations, points of sale and other attributes like roles or channels.
Setting scenarios
We leverage the collected data by testing on audiences from our software. This way, we can set automated actions that improve the customer experience.
Solving objections
A dedicated customer success team will proactively treat customer issues in real-time based on factors such as the customer segment’s NPS score.
Get the right information at the right time, in the right place
Work with an analytics dashboard that helps you analyze and get the right information to all the right people in real-time. Your specialists can act quickly to improve the customer experience and prioritize actions based on accurately predicted impact.
Embrace efficiency – Streamline customer journey improvement
Measure NPS and get real-time actionable insights that allow you to predict and enhance customer experience at all stages.
Book a demo
Don’t take our word for it
Surf through some of our success stories to discover how we’ve helped others streamline their user journey improvement.
Jean-Francois Mace
CEO
Decathlon powers sales and support at scale with Omniconvert.
“To understand customer behavior we need to collect, analyze, and use the right data. Omniconvert understands online and offline business. They help us progress on Omnichannel thanks to their out-of-the-box way of thinking and experience in data management.”
Very flexible tool, that provides massive insight about customers and their behavior
Neun Weine GmbH
Michael Pruner
, Founder & CMO
Omniconvert has really helped me to drive our CRO testing forward at pace. We have measurable impact data for site changes, and the ability to A/B test
Third Space
Ralph Harris-Brown
, Head of Marketing at Third Space
The support team is unreal - they are always very thorough, responsive, and helpful. They are more than willing to assist in coding issues, or weird glitches, and never nickle and dime over those hours. The tool has worked seamlessly with each of the websites we manage, and allows us to A/B test easily and efficiently without much development time
LeadHelpSystems
Eliza S.
, Marketing Campaign
A ton of capabilities to do very advanced testing, reporting, optimizations, and buildouts. I'm a customer based in the US, and the time difference or geographical differences have never been an issue, either
Action for Boston Community
Susie Marino
, Events Coordinator
The flexibility it offers is fantastic - as long as you can imagine what you want to do, it should be possible! The ability to pick up on variables on the page is also a fantastic feature.
Cooksongold
Jonathan Broadhurst
, E-commerce Executive
Our combination of advanced technology along with our methodology and specialized services for ecommerce and retail companies. (both in-house and certified partners)
Get a Free Demo
Products
Explore
Features
Request a demo
Pulse
Features
Nexus
The Product
Install now
Resources
Omniconvert
CRO Software
Pricing
Blog
Ebooks, Tools, Templates
Case Studies
Reviews
Help
Digital Marketing Glossary
Compare Us
Ecommerce Customer Retention Strategies
Compare Us
Omniconvert vs Optimizely
Omniconvert vs VWO
Omniconvert vs Convert
Omniconvert vs AB Tasty
About Us
About Us
Our Story
Our Team
Careers
Contact Us
Socials
facebook
twitter
linkedin
youtube
Terms & Conditions
Reveal Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Security
Cookie Policy
Site Map
Hey Ai, learn about us.
© 2012-2026 Omniconvert. All rights reserved.
