# https://www.omniconvert.com/explore/ab-testing
Web personalization A/B Testing tool for dynamic websites - Omniconvert
Menu
×
Platform
AI eCommerce Growth Engine
Omniconvert Nexus
Your eCommerce growth, on autopilot. Nexus finds the opportunity, runs the test, creates the ad, launches the campaign.
The Product
Customer Intelligence
Integrations
Pricing
Install now →
Conversion · CRO Platform
Omniconvert Explore
CRO and A/B testing. Run experiments on product pages, checkouts, anything that impacts revenue.
The Product
A/B Testing
Website Overlays
Surveys
Pricing
Experience · Customer Experience
Omniconvert Pulse
NPS software for retail. Measure sentiment, trigger real-time action, reduce churn.
The Product
Features
Pricing
Retention · Customer Analytics
Omniconvert Reveal
MOVING
Becoming the Customer Intelligence layer inside Nexus.
Customer intelligence, RFM, CLV, segmentation.
See Nexus Customer Intelligence →
Solutions
By goal
Reduce CAC
Grow customer lifetime value
Increase revenue per visitor
Reduce cart abandonment
Reduce churn
Scale experiments
By role
For VPs of Growth
For Marketing Managers
For CRO & Analytics
For Performance Marketers
By platform
Shopify
BigCommerce
Magento
Resources
Blog
Ebooks, Tools, Templates
Case Studies
Ecommerce Growth Stories
Help Center
Digital Marketing Glossary
Compare Us
Services
Data Services
Managed Services
How We Help
CRO Audit
Pricing
Customers
Login
Explore Login
Reveal Login
Pulse Login
Login
Explore Login
Reveal Login
Pulse Login
See How It Works
30 mins, no hard sell
Home
Solutions
Explore
Ab Testing
A/B testing made easy.
Test your strategies. Plan your experiments. Prepare to optimize. Enjoy the conversion.
And get sales, sales and sales…
Our powerful segmentation engine allows you to improve your UX, test product features and increase engagement & conversions.
You can mix and match any of the 40+ segmentation parameters that show you who your visitors are, where they come from, what pages on your website they’ve visited before, what products they viewed, from what campaign they landed on your website to offer a unique and relevant experience to each visitor.
Start A/B testing
*30 days FREE trial. Web Personalization, Website Overlays, Surveys and Advanced Segmentation included.
Segmentation capabilities
Traffic source
Referrer type
Segment the visitors that arrive on your website from a particular referrer category: direct, paid, organic (search engine), referral.
Referrer URL
Segment the visitors that come from your partners’ website in specific pages.
Geolocation
Country
Segment only the visitors from a specific country.
Region
Segment the visitors coming from a certain region.
City
Segment only the visitors from a specific city.
Survey
Detractors from NPS
Create a segment that gathers all the detractors (1-6 points) from a NPS survey.
Promoters from NPS
Create a segment that gathers all the promoters (9-10 points) from an NPS survey.
Users that answered
Create a segment based on the answers of previous omniconvert surveys.
Behavior
Returning visitor
Select only the visitors that have previously visited your website.
New visitor
Select the visitors that arrived for the first time on your website.
Days since first visit
Trigger the experiment after a number of days since the visitor first arrived on your website.
Days since previous visit
Trigger the experiment after a number of days since the visitor last arrived on your website.
Count visits
Create a segment based on the number of unique visits (sessions) that a visitor has on your website.
Count pageviews in current session
Display the experiment to the visitors that have specific pageviews in their current session.
URLs visited in current session
Display the experiment to the visitors that have seen specific URLs in their current session on the website.
Time on site in current session
Show your experiment only to the visitors that have spent a certain amount of time on the website in their current session.
Landing page in current session
Segment the traffic based on the first URL users have seen in the current session.
Viewed variation
Create a segment of visitors that have landed on a specific variation of one of your AB testing experiments.
Online visitors on the current page
Segment based on the number of unique visitors that are currently on the page.
UTM parameters
utm_source
Create a segment that will include only the visitors that come from a certain advertiser, publication, site, etc.
utm_medium
Create a segment that will select only the visitors that come from a certain advertising or marketing medium such as: cpc, banner, email newsletter.
utm_term
Create a segment of users based on the paid search keywords.
utm_content
Create a segment of users that come from a certain link of one ad.
utm_campaign
Create a segment that will include only the visitors that come from an individual campaign name, slogan, promo code, etc. for a product.
Custom
RFM Score
Segment your audience based on the individual RFM Score of each user.
Customer lifetime value
Segment your customers based on the CLV from your database.
Customer name
Segment your traffic based on the customer’s name from your database.
GTM attribute
Create segments based on the current pages data layer values.
Woopra segment
Create segments by using the all-ready created Woopra labels (segments).
Kissmetrics Attribute
Create a segment of users that have a specific Kissmetrics attribute.
Cookie
Create different traffic segments based on the visitor’s available cookies.
Onpage Variable
Segment based on the information displayed on the page.
Custom attribute
Segment based on values you previously set individually for a customer.
Technology
IP address
Show your experiment only to the visitors that have a particular IP address.
Device type
Create different segments for desktop, phone or mobile.
Operating system
Create traffic segments for visitors that use Windows, MacOS, Linux, iOS or Android.
Browser name
Create segments for visitors that use Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Opera, Safari or Internet Explorer.
Browser version
Select the visitors that use a certain browser version or a lower/greater version than a specific one.
Browser language
Gather in different segments users based on the language used for their browser.
Screen width
Create traffic segments based on the screen width the visitors are using.
Screen height
Create traffic segments based on the screen height the visitors are using.
Javascript variable
Create traffic segments based on the Javascript executing code.
Internet Service Provider
Segment your website’s traffic based on the internet service provider the visitors use.
Run A/B tests on any type of device
Long gone are the days of desktop-only optimization. Mobile is getting more traffic than desktop. With Omniconvert, you can create A/B tests for your visitors regardless if they’re on tablet, mobile or desktop. You can also choose to run certain experiments on mobile or desktop only.
Split URL
Stacked tests
Coding
Clarity
Statistics
Split URL testing for major changes
Split URL testing is a method that allows you to test different variations of a page by hosting them on different URLs. It’s very useful for testing major changes to your website, such as a complete redesign, or a longer page with more copy on it and so on.
By using different URLs, you split the traffic between the control page and its variations, so you can easily see which page and URL generated the highest conversions.
Stacked tests for continuous improvement
Once you finish an experiment and you select the winning variation, the next step is to implement it as a permanent page on your website. Or not. Because if you want to improve even more, you need to continue testing.
Stack testing allows you to use any winning variation of an A/B test as the control for your future test, without actual implementation. This feature greatly speeds up the optimization process and allows you to benefit from the improvements without waiting for the dev-team to implement them.
Coding
Is coding a foreign language for you? You’ll be fine!
If you want to build simple experiments such as changing a text or replacing an image you can use our visual editor.
You’ll be able to:
• Change or replace images
• Change or replace text
• Move, rearrange or remove elements
• Track goals with a single click
• Set to display surveys or overlays on-click on various elements
• Without needing your developer.
For advanced front-end testing, you can use our advanced editor to write code.
Clarity
PDF clarity. For you and your boss
Omniconvert helps you run better A/B tests based on the advanced reports it provides. Use graphic representations and other A/B testing tools, such as our statistical calculator, to make sure you take the best decision every time.
Easily extract, select and compare the most relevant results to decide which test stop, which one continue and what is the winning variation. For now. Because A/B testing never stops.
Conversion rate trend • Revenue • Build & export as PDF • Average order value • Revenue per visitor • Chance to win (T-Test or Bayesian) • Cumulative view • View up to 30 goals • Add annotations
Statistics
Frequentist or Bayesian: Why choose, when you can have both?
To validate any A/B Test, you first want to make sure it has a statistical relevance of at least 95%. We calculate it automatically for you in the reporting area.
While most platforms are offering you a single statistical model for analyzing and reporting, which is either Frequentist or Bayesian, we want to let you choose what works best for you.
So the alternative solution proposed by Omniconvert is to give you access to both of them. This way, after seeing the reports of your experiments using both models, you’ll be able to decide which one is best for you.
Start A/B testing
30 days FREE trial. Web Personalization, Website Overlays, Surveys and Advanced Segmentation included.
Frequently asked questions
What statistical algorithm does Omniconvert use? Bayesian or frequentist?
Both! Yes, Omniconvert is the only A/B testing platform that uses both Bayesian or frequentist algorithms. All users can choose to have their data interpreted by either of the two statistical algorithms, or by both at the same time! This is easily done by choosing the preferred setting from a dropdown list in the platform. If you chose to use both algorithms simultaneously, you’ll receive two different data sets. From our testing, we have noticed that the differences between Bayesian and frequentist are under 1%.
Can I implement split testing using Omniconvert?
Absolutely! Split testing as defined by the activity of sending traffic to two versions of the same page, each with a different URL, can be easily implemented with the help of Omniconvert using the A/B testing editor available on the platform. With Omniconvert you can even split test between more than two versions of the same page. So you can easily compare 5 different designs in the same time for example and see which one of them converts best.
How long is my data kept in the platform?
Unlike other A/B testing tools, Omniconvert will not delete your test data after a time. Your data is safe with us…even if you have a free account! No need to worry that after a few months you won’t be able to access your test results anymore. We will delete your data only if you specifically ask us to.
Can I see my A/B test data in Google Analytics?
Yes, Omniconvert has an integration with Google Analytics so you can choose to export all the data in your tests to your Analytics account. This way, you’ll be able to see the exact amount of traffic and conversion rate for each variation of your test. This is done by using the following Analytics events, to which Omniconvert sends data: eventCategory, eventAction, eventType.
How are the tested views calculated for each plan?
Regardless of the plan you choose, the tested views that you’re going to pay are considered to be all the impressions of your A/B tests (or other type of experiment) that a user is involved in. Regardless if the user sees the control or the variation of an A/B test, it still counts as a tested view and it will be added to your monthly tally.
Are advanced A/B testing experiments doable with Omniconvert?
Although Omniconvert features an intuitive and easy to use WYSIWYG editor that allows for creating the majority of A/B tests, sometimes you need to go the extra mile and implement custom pieces of code. Omniconvert is fully prepared for this scenario, allowing users to implement their own code directly in the editor. This advanced features is recommended for users that are experienced coders.
Do I have control over traffic allocation?
Although regular A/B testing and even A/B/n testing is done by equally splitting the traffic among the control and each variation, we fully understand that there are some scenarios where users need flexibility in terms of traffic allocation. This is why Omniconvert offer full control over the traffic allocation setting on all A/B tests. So for example, you could start an experiment where the control gets 0% of the total visits while variation 1 gests 50% and variation 2 also 50%. Is up to you and your needs to decide how the traffic is split.
I don’t know where to start. Can I get help?
Of course! We have a very responsive support team that can guide you along the way to creating your very first A/B testing experiment. Just use the blue conversation bubble on the website or within the platform in order to get in touch with them. Furthermore, if you run out of A/B testing ideas, you can check out our Conversion Vault which is packed-full with ideas that have been proven to work. In order to access the Conversion Vault just click on the link on the right hand side of the dashboard, after you log in.
Our combination of advanced technology along with our methodology and specialized services for ecommerce and retail companies. (both in-house and certified partners)
Get a Free Demo
Products
Explore
Features
Request a demo
Pulse
Features
Nexus
The Product
Install now
Resources
Omniconvert
CRO Software
Pricing
Blog
Ebooks, Tools, Templates
Case Studies
Help
Digital Marketing Glossary
Compare Us
Ecommerce Customer Retention Strategies
Compare Us
Omniconvert vs Optimizely
Omniconvert vs VWO
Omniconvert vs Convert
Omniconvert vs AB Tasty
About Us
About Us
Our Story
Our Team
Careers
Contact Us
Socials
facebook
twitter
linkedin
youtube
Terms & Conditions
Reveal Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Security
Cookie Policy
Site Map
Hey Ai, learn about us.
© 2012-2026 Omniconvert. All rights reserved.
