# https://www.zoho.com/pagesense/pricing.html
Zoho PageSense Pricing Plans
Grow your conversions with Zoho PageSense
We have tailor-made plans for everyone—from conversion optimization beginners to experts
For Businesses
For Agencies
USD
INR
EUR
GBP
SGD
AUD
Monthly
Yearly
Save 40%
Forever Free
Up to 5,000 Monthly tracked users
Get Started
Get Started
Web analytics
Mobile analytics
Goals
Funnel analysis
Heatmaps
Session recording
Form analytics
5,000 Monthly tracked users
1 Project
1 Month data retention
5 Goals
Professional
10,000 Monthly tracked users
30,000 Monthly tracked users
50,000 Monthly tracked users
100,000 Monthly tracked users
200,000 Monthly tracked users
500,000 Monthly tracked users
1,000,000 Monthly tracked users
Get Started
Get Started
Web analytics
Mobile analytics
Goals
Funnel analysis
Heatmaps
Session recording
Form analytics
Polls
Web Push notifications
Mobile Push notifications
Pop-ups & banners
10,000+ Monthly tracked users
3 Projects
6 Months data retention
30 Goals
30 Custom dimensions
You can add custom attributes to your visitors and use it for segmentation or personalization. Eg: Adding pricing tier attributes will help you target visitors in specific plans.
Enterprise
10,000 Monthly tracked users
30,000 Monthly tracked users
50,000 Monthly tracked users
100,000 Monthly tracked users
200,000 Monthly tracked users
500,000 Monthly tracked users
1,000,000 Monthly tracked users
Get Started
Get Started
Features from Professional +
A/B testing
Split URL testing
Full stack testing
Personalization
10,000+ Monthly tracked users
10 Projects
12 Months data retention
50 Goals
50 Custom dimensions
You can add custom attributes to your visitors and use it for segmentation or personalization. Eg: Adding pricing tier attributes will help you target visitors in specific plans.
For businesses that want to get quick website insights and visitor behavior data.
For businesses that want to improve visitor engagement and increase their conversion rates.
For businesses that want to run powerful experiments, optimize their website, and deliver personalized experience.
Wish to track more than 1,000,000 visitors? Contact us
presales@zohopagesense.com
Start your 15-day free trial now.
Get full access to all the features! No credit card required.
5000 Monthly tracked users
3 Projects
Get Started Now!
Get Started Now!
Book your 1-on-1 demo
Talk to PageSense experts and get a personalized product demonstration.
Detailed product walkthrough
Q&A session with experts
REQUEST DEMO
Frequently asked questions
Do I have to provide payment information up front?
Absolutely not! Every user who signs up for Zoho PageSense starts with the free trial. Only when you subscribe to a paid plan will you be expected to provide payment information.
What happens when my trial ends?
All experiments currently running will be paused. You'll have complete access to your configurations and reports. You can move to a paid plan to re-launch existing experiments and create new ones. You can also choose a paid plan at any time during your trial period.
What types of payment do you accept?
We accept payment via Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and PayPal. We also accept payment through bank transfer or check transfer for yearly subscriptions. For more details, please contact
presales@zohopagesense.com
.
How are the monthly tracked users counted?
Our monthly user tracking is cookie-based. For example, If a visitor "A" comes to your site multiple times during a month, we will account for 1 visitor only. However, this applies only until they clear or delete the cookie.
What happens if I exceed the monthly tracked user count in my plan?
Running experiments will be paused but you'll still be able to access your configuration and reports. You can purchase a top-up plan at any time.
Can I upgrade or downgrade my plan?
Yes, at any time you like. Your plan will be upgraded as soon as you opt for it. In case you opt for a downgrade, it will be carried out at the end of your billing cycle.
What happens if I downgrade or cancel my subscription before its completion?
You'll be charged for the entire billing cycle. All of your previous PageSense functionalities will still be available to you until the billing cycle closes.
I'm subscribed to a yearly plan; how will I be billed?
You'll need to make a one-time payment for the annual plan based on the visitor count in the subscription you've chosen.
Will I have access to my data if I downgrade my plan?
Of course! When you downgrade your plan, you'll still have access to all the experiments' configurations and reports. If you have more projects than your plan covers after you downgrade, the experiments in those will be paused.
Is my data safe?
We go to every length to keep your data safe and secure. Our facilities feature stringent 24/7/365 security with video monitoring, biometric access, and advanced fire, flood, and theft monitoring systems. Our network security system employs the latest encryption and intrusion detection and prevention technologies.
I have more questions; who should I contact?
You can visit our
support center
or drop us a line at
support@zohopagesense.com
. You can also post your questions on our community forums.
If I subscribe to the yearly plan, will my monthly tracked user count be added to my account every month?
No, as soon as subscription is activated, the monthly tracked user count will be added in total to your account. For example, if you've chosen 10,000 monthly tracked users for your yearly plan, then 120,000 (10,000 * 12) monthly tracked users will be added to your account directly.
What happens to my data after I cancel the account?
In case you cancel your account, we will retain your data for 90 days if you’re in the trial period, 6 months if you're in the Analyze or Engage plan, and 12 months if you're in the Optimize plan.
