# https://www.zoho.com/pagesense/personalization.html
Best Website Personalization Platform | Zoho PageSense
Offer an exclusive personalized website experience
Segment and target your website visitors to create personalized, relevant, and engaging experiences based on factors like their interests, browsing patterns, demographics, and more.
START MY FREE TRIAL
Key Features
Personalize your website content with ease using our Visual Editor, allowing changes to text, images, videos, and more.
Segment your visitors based on their demographics, interests, behavior, and other factors.
A/B test different personalization variations to see which ones perform better.
An exclusive Heatmap tab for better visualization.
Why should you personalize your website?
Make visitors feel known
Every visitor is unique, so why shouldn't their website experience be? Personalizing the dynamic elements on your website will enhance user experience and give visitors the feeling that you're catering to their needs even before they mention them.
Bring faster conversions
When visitors are served relevant content, it makes the website flow easier—which means increased efficiency. Moreover, when they get what they want as soon as they arrive, they are more likely to make a purchase.
Implement evidence -driven changes
Visitor recordings are proof of what’s working on your website and what isn’t. Use this qualitative data to strategically create content and make website changes.
What can you do with PageSense’s Personalization?
Deliver dynamically unique experiences
You can create and launch personalized web pages tailored to your visitors' interests in just a few easy steps. Select the pages and target audience, make desired modifications, and set up goals; you'll be ready to launch.
Choose from a plethora of ways to personalize
PageSense lets you choose how to personalize your website, depending on what you know about your visitors. You can opt to personalize based on behavior, location, weather, device used, visit frequency, ad campaign, and much more.
Get profound reports with precise metrics
Gain access to extensive personalization reports that provide in-depth insight into how each experience performed in terms of reach, visits, conversion rates, and revenue. Additionally, the heatmap reports will tell you which personalized elements on your page did and didn't work.
Create variations using Visual Editor
Use our built-in Visual Editor to create, edit, and format your website content without coding expertise. Insert new text, images, audio, or video files and make any advanced changes to elements within variations. For those who want to take customization to the next level, the Visual Editor enables adding your HTML and JavaScript code.
Start making data-driven business decisions
SIGN UP FOR FREE
