# https://www.zoho.com/pagesense/solutions/marketers.html
Increase ROI & Conversions | #1 CRO tool | Zoho PageSense
The CRO tool every marketer needs
Driving traffic that converts is a big challenge for marketers, .but Zoho PageSense helps you meet the evolving needs and expectations of customers It lets you focus on conversions through data-driven experiments while it handles web analytics and tracks user behavior.
SIGN UP FOR FREE
Run experiments that drive results...
Brainstorming with your team will generate lots of interesting ideas. Instead of blindly implementing them, create a hypothesis, do the research, and choose your metrics.
Pick the best marketing strategy
Use your marketing budget wisely by deploying the best-performing version of your campaigns. A/B test and iterate your content, layout, and elements. It could be headlines of a landing page, a website banner, or a color change in a CTA button—do it all yourself without bothering your IT team.
Level up your content marketing game
As a marketer, you need to observe how far visitors skim through your website to know how to reposition important CTAs and content, what part of the website has less engagement and higher drop-offs, and which elements are hindering conversions. Use heatmaps to understand user intent and refine your website content for a better user experience.
Collect insights that fuel growth
Be it for a product launch, feature update, or a live event, send push notifications to your customer's device without relying on a mobile app. Create polls to understand what product/features users are looking for. Launch pop-ups to welcome new traffic with gift coupons in exchange for their email addresses. With so many customizable templates to choose from, the opportunities are endless!
Create a personal touch with your content
Establish an emotional connection with your audience through personalized content and campaigns. Gauge your audience data—location, user behavior, and interests to create customized experiences that match their needs.
...and make data-driven decisions!
Facts and metrics add more value when you suggest changes to your team, whether changes in page layouts, pricing plan, form fields, and more.
Record your leads' website journey
Replay real user sessions using a
session replay tool
to track navigation patterns and uncover issues like broken links, confusing UI elements, and ineffective landing pages.
Address potential issues on your web forms
Have you scheduled a webinar but got fewer registrations via your web form? Is the form too long, or are visitors not willing to fill In a particular field? Analyze stats to improve and drive more conversions using form analytics.
Incorporate customer journey into your marketing strategy
.Visualize and craft a customer journey map that leads to conversion With funnel analysis, you can identify at which touchpoint your quality leads slip away and fix any bottlenecks.
There's more...
Collaborate with your team
Assign roles and permissions to your team with specific permissions for each member, allowing them to create, monitor, and manage workflows within a project. You can brainstorm new experiment ideas and iterations with your stakeholders.
Download reports on your experiments
Export and share reports during your monthly meetings with your peers. You can also share your reports via email within PageSense, set a date until they can access it, and secure them with a strong password.
Start making data-driven business decisions.
SIGN UP FOR FREE
