# https://convert.com/features/full-stack
Convert Full-Stack | Optimize Customer Touchpoints & Products
Features
Pricing
Personalization
Partnerships
For Agencies
For Certified Partners
For Affiliates
Technology Partners
Company
About Us
Blog
Academy
GDPR
Request a Demo
Try For Free
Login
Optimize Every Customer Interaction. Be Truly Customer-Focused
Convert’s Full-Stack module lets you run tests server-side, improve & monetize apps, and innovate across deep-impact areas like merchandising, algorithm choice, and checkout optimization.
Starting $399/month.
Try Full-Stack Free For 15 Days
Proudly powering experimentation programs of brands you know
You Came Looking for This: Here Are Our Full-Stack Features Compared Across Plans
Don’t pay more!
All Convert plans come with conventional web testing + full-stack access.
Optimizely
Convert
Free Rollouts
Rollouts Plus
Accelerate
Scale
Growth
Pro
Enterprise
Number of Tested Users per month
100,000
500,000
500,000
500,000
100,000
500,000
>1M
Price per month (monthly plan)
Free
Gated Pricing
Gated Pricing
Gated Pricing
$399
$1,899/mo
Contact Sales
Price per month (annual plan)
Free
Gated Pricing
Gated Pricing
Gated Pricing
$299/mo
$1,330/mo
Contact Sales
Annual price
Free
Gated Pricing
Gated Pricing
Gated Pricing
$3,588/yr
$15,960/yr
Contact Sales
Forced plan upgrades
N/A
–
Discount: 2 years
N/A
Unknown
Unknown
Unknown
Discount: 3 years
N/A
Unknown
Unknown
Unknown
Auto-Upgrade
Unknown
Unknown
Unknown
Unknown
No (overcharge per 100K $399)
No (overcharge per 250K $699)
No
View Full Comparison
Try Full-Stack Free For 15 Days
Beyond Visual Changes, Test for Performance & Efficiency
Can you serve image swaps and copy tests through our Full-Stack module? Yes.
Is it the best use of its power and your resources?
No!
Try Convert’s Full-Stack if these apply to you.
You Value Flicker-Free, Consistent Experiences
Tests aren’t meant to be high-fidelity prototypes. But issues like flickering are validity threats. Rolling out variations from the server as your hub eliminates performance degradation through latency (load delays) and flickering.
Moreover, server-side A/B tests translate equally well across different platforms - web, mobile web, and native apps.
You Care About What Isn’t Immediately Visible
When you think of testing or optimization, you think of re-ordering a store menu, or even playing around with the carousels… In B2B? How about progressive profiling in your forms?
However, if you’re eyeing experimenting with back-end processes like pricing models and feature availability -- Full-Stack is your technology of choice.
Security Is of Paramount Importance
Server-side tests expose less sensitive data and the code logic of the experiment to the end user.
Depending on what you are working to improve, this may be non-negotiable for you and your team.
You Want to Learn Everywhere, from One Interface
Today’s audience exists in an omni-channel ecosystem.
Prospects typically interact with your brand online and offline, before investing their loyalty in a product or service.
Want to understand what unique value propositions impact their decisions? Want to gauge how that new paywall in your native app is nudging users towards monetization? What’s better for the in-store experience -- a self-service kiosk or a hybrid of assistants & AI?
Full-Stack lets you run tests and personalizations across every step of the buyer’s journey, implementing significant changes and betting bigger bets.
Our Javascript SDK ensures compatibility with any environment - from NodeJS (typically server-side) to ReactJS (driving SPAs).
True customer-centricity and learning can only come from a full-stack approach.
Try Full-Stack Free For 15 Days
What Lean Marketing & Product Teams Need to Be Effective. None of the Fluff.
Server-side & client-side tests, feature flags, feature tests, and roll-outs
-- starting $399per month.
Convert Full-Stack uses our Javascript SDK.
It runs both server-side (NodeJS) and client-side (ReactJS or SPAs).
Learn More
The video can't be displayed right now. Please reload or contact support if the issue continues.
Reload Video
Better Control Over Your Tests. With Server-Side Technology.
In the server-side set up, content & logic are determined by the server hub - before variants are pushed out to devices.
This means your tests are more consistent across platforms, and there is less exposure of sensitive data and experiment logic to the end-user.
Gather Real-Time Feedback to Build High-Converting Products & Experiences. Thanks to Feature Flags.
Switch on/off specific features for particular audience segments, without using additional code.
With feature flags, you gather early feedback about proposed releases, working out kinks in advance.
Marketing teams benefit from Feature flags too. Think of this particular capability as personalizations on overdrive.
Want to filter your product catalog based on past behavior for existing buyers while new prospects see different results?
Use Feature flags to experiment your way to the most viable solution.
Try Full-Stack Free For 15 Days
De-risk New Releases. With Rollouts.
Got a most-requested feature in the pipeline?
Engagement is great, til it's not!
Enthusiastic use of new functionality by a large number of users may cause your system to crash.
Use rollouts to control how many users get access to features, allowing more onboardings with time.
Find the Optimal Version of Each App Feature. With Feature Testing.
Help your features be the best versions of themselves.
Think of feature testing as a personal development mentor for your app.
Experiment with slightly different (or radically altered) versions of the same feature to determine the one that ticks all the checkboxes of performance and stability for your audience.
If you can imagine it, you can try it.
I am a marketer. Does Full-Stack help me?
Convert's Full-Stack module fosters better and deeper experimentation. Client-side A/B testing is a limited facet of the cycle of trying new things, learning, and evolving.
With Full-Stack:
You can ensure tests don't flicker, add latency to pages, or break on devices - with a greater degree of control than when the variants are assembled and served solely client-side.
You get Feature-Flags - which are like personalizations on over-drive. Instead of minor copy and visual changes, you can personalize the way a site behaves, in response to audience characteristics.
Rollouts aren't just the domain of product and engineering teams. You thrive on Voc data and feedback. By allowing limited groups exposure to offers and campaigns, you can make improvements in real-time, simultaneously learning and optimizing for performance.
Try Full-Stack Free For 15 Days
From Prospect to Buyer, Faster.
With Convert’s Full-Stack Module
Form
Online
A/B test the number of form fields and progressive disclosure.
App
Online
Use feature flags to assist hesitant prospect segments with product customization.
In-Store
Offline
A/B test recommendations based on customization history, versus showing new offers.
Checkout
Online
Auto-apply a generous discount to the carts of prospects who’ve already visited the store. Rollouts ensure a critical process like the checkout doesn’t crash.
Post-purchase
Online
Good old A/B test gauges how post-purchase recommendations drive additional revenue.
Try Full-Stack Free For 15 Days
Skip this form
Start your
15
-day free trial now.
No credit card needed
Access to premium features
First Name
*
Business Email
*
(Input a valid email address)
I want to receive the Convert Newsletter
By submitting this form, you agree to have read and acknowledged our:
terms of use
,
privacy notice
and
non-aligned customers' policy
*
Continue
You can always change your preferences later.
You're Almost Done.
Company Name
*
What Job(s) Do You Do at Work?
*
(Choose Up to 2 Options):
I manage a marketing team
I manage a tech team
I research and/or hypothesize experiments
I code & QA experiments
Convert is committed to protecting your privacy.
Country
*
Where Did You Hear About Convert (optional)
START MY FREE TRIAL
Important. Please Read.
Check your inbox for the password to Convert’s trial account.
Log in using the link provided in that email.
To ensure you receive your
30
-day trial from our ambassador, please use the same browser to claim your account.
This sign up flow is built for maximum security. You’re worth it!
Close Form
901 N Market St Suite #100 Wilmington
DE 19801 United States USA
Phone (U.S.):
+1-888-666-9711
Phone (U.K.):
+44 (20) 35230604
Start 15-Day Free Trial
Product
Free Trial
Request a Demo
Features
Pricing
A/B Testing
Convert MCP Server
Multivariate Testing
Multi-page Testing
Audience Targeting
A/B Testing Goals
Full-stack Experimentation
Integrations
API Access
Ecommerce A/B Testing
App Roadmap
Praise
For CRO agencies
Convert For Agencies
Certified Agencies
Get Certified
CRO Agencies Directory
Resources
Blog
Hi AI, learn about Convert
Partnership Programs
Glossary
Tools Comparison
FAQ
VWO Alternative
Optimizely Alternative
Intelligems Alternative
Mida Alternative
Case Studies
Hypothesis Generator
Duration Calculator
Company
Support Center
Developer Docs
Support Team
About Us
Why Trust Convert's Data
Conscious Business
Global Privacy Map
Jobs
Write For Us
Privacy
GDPR
Security
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Convert Intelligence Privacy (Beta)
Contact Us
94035
TREES PLANTED
© 2026, Convert Insights Inc. All rights reserved
Terms of use
Privacy Notice
Opt Out
