# https://www.convert.com/case-studies
Convert.com Case Studies: AB Testing Ideas & Results
Features
Pricing
Personalization
Partnerships
For Agencies
For Certified Partners
For Affiliates
Technology Partners
Company
About Us
Blog
Academy
GDPR
Request a Demo
Try For Free
Login
Not Boring B2B Case Studies!
Most case studies are just sales collateral. We've tried to give ours a different flavor. They focus on learnings from how the best CRO agencies & fast-paced businesses solve growth challenges using Convert Experiences.
Convert Case Study: Anatta
Should you intentionally allocate a tiny percentage of the total traffic to the variant arm? It depends. This case study with Anatta Design is rebellious to say the least. It flies in the face of safe testing guidelines. But makes it work – securing both client trust & a sizeable projected revenue uplift – thanks to their ability to filter out baskets that would skew results, and the know-how to build a custom Bayesian model that detected signal despite increased...
Read More
Convert Case Study: iProspect
Running experiments on prices is always sensitive and fraught with risks. But when you have the right hypothesis and the right tool, the process can be simple and rewarding. Learn how iProspect conducted an A/B/C test for a high ticket brand using Convert Experiences and a brilliant pricing tweak – for 15% increase in form conversions.
Read More
Convert Case Study: Swanky Agency
Swanky has sass and an out of the box way of handling conversion obstacles. When it was approached by an online store in an uber competitive market, Swanky used Convert Experiences and its one tag integrations to design an overlay that increased the per person revenue by 26%.
Read More
Convert Case Study: EchoLogyx
Expert development agency EchoLogyx helped eSpares scale its experimentation program from one test a month to ten tests at any time within two months with Convert Experiences, realizing significant growth (ranging from 3% to 15% per winning test) in its CVR.
Read More
Convert Case Study: Conversion Fanatics
Online shopping can be tricky. Especially when you are asking people to buy something as personal and whimsical as perfume. How do you convey the emotions associated with scent notes? In this unique success story Conversion Fanatics opens up about its experiment for a grooming e-store that boosted revenue per user for its perfume bundle by up to 53%.
Read More
Convert Case Study: Tangiblee
A line of JavaScript is more powerful than you can imagine. Tangiblee excels at creating memorable online store experiences for Ecommerce retailers. And in doing so it needs to conceptualize, deploy and run A/B tests in rapid succession. After trying a number of solutions, Tangiblee found its ideal testing partner in Convert Experiences – a tool that is up and running with a line of JS, yet has the power to support increasingly complicated testing requirements.
Read More
Convert Case Study: Dash of OuterBox
Improving conversions and discovery for high-stakes and high-compliance industries sits in its own category. Not only is the information density a challenge, consent and privacy considerations of A/B testing tools may also derail optimization programs. In this case study, OuterBox teamed up with Convert to bring both clarity and visual storytelling to two large insurance clients.
Read More
Convert Case Study: 180 Marketing
Buying refurbished tech can be a cost-saving practice. But the buyer’s journey is riddled with anxiety. Most retailers make it hard for customers to find information that builds confidence in products. This case study covers 180 Marketing’s experimentation program that leveraged analytics, UX, and user behaviour to consistently improve all aspects of the performance of a major refurbished tech retailer.
Read More
Convert Case Study: Dash of CX
Loop Earplugs partnered with Dash of CX to test whether offering a personalised carrying case during checkout would enhance their direct-to-consumer experience. The hypothesis: allowing customers to engrave their case for an additional €6 would boost revenue and engagement while differentiating the brand from third-party retailers.
Read More
Convert Case Study: ConversionWise
Product pages are pretty important, right? Your ads and advertorials can be as impactful, unique, fun, and UGC-driven as the best in the business, but unless the PDP (as it is fondly called) doesn’t convince, tangible conversion numbers flatline. This case study educates readers on how to not only pull up the conversion rate, but also deeply impact buyer behavior and future chances of purchase (higher LTV).
Read More
Convert Case Study: Digispot
The journey from the category page (product card) to the product details page (PDP) is a tricky one. Most Ecom brands do not focus on this leg of product discovery with the rigour they should employ. With the majority of purchases happening on mobile devices across industries, there is limited time & space to persuade buyers. Digispot helped Mamabrum get around this issue with the “simple is better” approach, leading to 6.03% improvement in purchase conversion rate.
Read More
Convert Case Study: Sculpt Digital
This case study is a case study in attention to detail for Ecommerce stores and the experimentation agencies that optimize them. Sculpt Digital found two brilliant pieces of insights from qualitative & quantitative research — buyers were not paying attention to the express delivery option & PayPal was eating into product margins. Combining their keen CRO mind with a solid understanding of unit economics, Sculpt Digital bumped up RPU by a whopping 16% for this popular footwear brand.
Read More
Convert Case Study: Ontrack
Cart optimization is the bread and butter of E-commerce stores. But how about doing away with the cart page altogether? Ontrack Digital + used Convert Experiences on an interesting project for the brand Conscious Items. They swapped out the accepted cart page with something more suited to the clientele. The result? A 10 percentage point increase in conversions & 12% increase in revenue/visitor.
Read More
Convert Case Study: GrowthHit
A test does not have to be complex to be effective. Simple is equally powerful, when the optimizer understands traffic’s pain points. This is exactly what happened with GrowthHit, a Convert Premium Agency Partner. Jeremy’s team worked with Convert Experiences to place a site-wide “FREE SHIPPING” banner that proved to be a gamechanger.
Read More
Convert Case Study: Surefoot
Mobile first experiments should not be ignored. In this case study find out how CRO specialists surefoot boosted mobile revenue significantly with a unique cart design. The result was an 8% lift in visits to checkout and 3.4% lift in transactions.
Read More
Convert Case Study: Splitbase
Sometimes you only need a small change to realize a big impact. That is exactly what luxury Ecommerce optimization agency SplitBase believes. This exclusive Convert Premium Partner used Convert Experiences, its deep integration with Google Analytics and Hotjar, and a solid understanding of its target market to make a headline boost conversions by 27%.
Read More
Convert Case Study: InsightWhale
InsightWhale has championed the testing cause of mid-sized businesses all over the world. But when they leveraged Convert Experiences’ out of the box integration with Google Analytics, they effortlessly boosted conversion rates by over 26% for a destination travel company.
Read More
Convert Case Study: Mintminds
What happens when you come up with a strong data backed hypothesis and all the tests you run still end up losing? You return to the drawing board and try again. This award winning A/B test campaign by Mintminds is exciting and educational. Learn how Ecommerce buyers operate when actually adding products to the cart and what you can do to turn a lost test around.
Read More
Convert Case Study: CRE and Smart Insights
Smart Insights is easily one of the most recognized names out there in terms of premium marketing resources. So how do you make things better for the people who literally write the book on marketing practices? You use Convert Experiences and a solid testing methodology to boost paid memberships by 157%.
Read More
Convert Case Study: Learning Success Blog
What do you do when all your marketing budget proves ineffective? You A/B test to identify what’s going wrong and then fix it. This is exactly what non-techie brand Learning Success did with their 12-month program. They used the expertise of Convert’s in-house optimization minds and managed to push their course completion percentage to a high 80.
Read More
Convert Case Study: Cro Metrics
How do you optimize a complex site that serves multiple personas for a high growth company? Add to that limited traffic, and you have yourself quite a challenge. With the Convert app, Cro Metrics found a solution. They relied on real time and accurate reporting to make quick decisions. The speed improved test velocity, allowing A/B tests across entire customer journeys, de-risking initiatives, and ultimately realizing 10x ROI for the experimentation program.
Read More
Convert Case Study: CRE and Earth Class Mail
What happens when research and analysis meet Convert Experiences? A whopping 57% more leads resulting in 1.5 million dollars of additional revenue. In this case study Convert Premium Partner Conversion Rate Experts talks about the process of optimizing output for Earth Class Mail and the ease with which this was achieved, thanks to Convert Experiences.
Read More
Convert Case Study: Enavi
Should you settle for good enough performance? And if you want to chase bigger pay-offs, where do you start to look? Don’t stay stuck in the mindset that experiments capable of driving revenue have to be complicated. The execution may require assistance and development work. But more often than not, the desire to simplify the users’ journey hits the proverbial jackpot. That’s exactly what happened when Enavi teamed up with Xtrema.com.
Read More
Convert Case Study: Journey Further
Sometimes optimizing for the intangible can be a great idea. Especially if user research points the way. In this unique case study by Journey Further, we break down how adding elements to boost Expertise-Authoritativeness-Trust (E-A-T) can actually lead to an uptick in conversions.
Read More
CONVERT PANEL
CRO Case Studies: How to Do Them Well, And Without Backlash!
We take case studies seriously. This panel focused on the top things most case studies get wrong, and what to do instead - for credibility-boosting content that both convinces prospects and educates readers. Case studies aren't (just) sales collateral. Done well, they are thought-leadership too.
WATCH PANEL
WHY DID THESE BRANDS CHOOSE CONVERT?
Hear It in Their Own Words
Big results like 1.5 million dollars in additional revenue came later. First impressions are what nudged these A player brands to opt for Convert Experiences. Read why they chose to invest in us, and why it might be a gamechanger for you.
READ PRAISE
901 N Market St Suite #100 Wilmington
DE 19801 United States
Phone (U.S.):
+1-888-666-9711
Phone (U.K.):
+44 (20) 35230604
Start 15-day free trial
Product
Free Trial
Request a Demo
Features
Pricing
A/B Testing
Convert MCP Server
Multivariate Testing
Multi-page Testing
Audience Targeting
A/B Testing Goals
Full-stack Experimentation
Integrations
API Access
Ecommerce A/B Testing
App Roadmap
Praise
For CRO agencies
Convert For Agencies
Certified Agencies
Get Certified
CRO Agencies Directory
Resources
Blog
Hi AI, learn about Convert
Partnership Programs
Glossary
Tools Comparison
FAQ
VWO Alternative
Optimizely Alternative
Intelligems Alternative
Mida Alternative
Case Studies
Hypothesis Generator
Duration Calculator
Company
Support Center
Developer Docs
Support Team
About Us
Why Trust Convert's Data
Conscious Business
Global Privacy Map
Jobs
Write For Us
Privacy
GDPR
Security
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Convert Intelligence Privacy (Beta)
Contact Us
94035
Trees Planted
© 2026, Convert Insights Inc. All rights reserved
Terms of use
Privacy Notice
Opt Out
Skip this form
Start your
15
-day free trial now.
No credit card needed
Access to premium features
First Name
*
Business Email
*
(Input a valid email address)
I want to receive the Convert Newsletter
By submitting this form, you agree to have read and acknowledged our:
terms of use
,
privacy notice
and
non-aligned customers' policy
*
Continue
You can always change your preferences later.
You're Almost Done.
Company Name
*
What Job(s) Do You Do at Work?
*
(Choose Up to 2 Options):
I manage a marketing team
I manage a tech team
I research and/or hypothesize experiments
I code & QA experiments
Convert is committed to protecting your privacy.
Country
*
Where Did You Hear About Convert (optional)
START MY FREE TRIAL
Important. Please Read.
Check your inbox for the password to Convert’s trial account.
Log in using the link provided in that email.
To ensure you receive your
30
-day trial from our ambassador, please use the same browser to claim your account.
This sign up flow is built for maximum security. You’re worth it!
Close Form
