# https://convert.com/security
Security - A/B Testing Software
Features
Pricing
Personalization
Partnerships
For Agencies
For Certified Partners
For Affiliates
Technology Partners
Company
About Us
Blog
Academy
GDPR
Request a Demo
Try For Free
Login
Convert's Iron-Clad Security
With Convert, You Invest in an Experimentation Partner That Has a Legacy of Zero Security Breaches.
Learn More
Servers & Databases: A Safe Haven for Your Data
We use
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
for our production servers and databases. AWS takes security seriously - almost as seriously as we do.
Amazon employs cutting-edge data security measures, as well as physical access restrictions at server locations. We also use
Hetzner Online GmbH
for the login site to be compliant with the GDPR.
Certifications:
We Care. Now You Know.
Convert is SOC-2 attested, with compliance managed through Sprinto.
We follow the principles and standard set out by the PCI Standards Council for storing and handling credit card information. More information is available
here
.
Content: Convert is designed to support HIPAA compliance for covered entities and business associates.
Convert is ISO 27001 certified by Intercert, in accordance with ISO guidelines.
Availability
There for You, Always
We understand that you rely on the Convert Experiences application to improve your website and your business. We're committed to making Convert a highly-available application that you can count on (
Check Convert's uptime monitoring page
).
Our infrastructure runs on systems that are fault tolerant for failures of individual servers or even entire data centers. Our operations team tests disaster-recovery measures regularly and staffs an around-the-clock on-call team to quickly resolve unexpected incidents.
Disaster Recovery
Getting You Back on Track, ASAP
All of our production infrastructure is built with redundancies in place, in highly-available configurations spread over two different availability zones in the eu-west-1 AWS region.
Incident Management & Response
Your Best Interest - First
In the event of a security breach, we will promptly notify you of any unauthorized access to your Customer Data. We have incident management policies and procedures in place to handle such an event.
Pen Testing
For an (Almost) Invulnerable App
We engage independent entities to conduct regular application-level and infrastructure-level penetration tests.
Results of these tests are shared with the Convert Management team. Our Security Team reviews and prioritizes the reported findings and tracks them to resolution. Customers wishing to conduct their own penetration test of the Convert application may request to do so and should contact their account manager to obtain permission from both Convert and Convert’s hosting provider.
OWASP
The OWASP Top-10 covers the most critical Web application security risks.
Access our OWASP evaluation here
Bug Bounties
A Proactive Approach
We are interested in actual security, so if someone reports what we feel are both:
Serious vulnerabilities (and not just a low/zero-risk XSS), and
Discovered during routine use of the application as an actual user – not via a pen test,
We look kindly on the heads up, and might even send across a thank-you bonus!
Personnel Practices:
Our People are Prepared
All employees are required to read and sign our comprehensive information security policy covering the security, availability, and confidentiality of the Convert Experiences services.
Security Policies:
Fair and Secure Use of Resources
IT Security Policy
: The objective of this security policy is to promote a culture that helps maximise the value of information through its efficient management and secure protection. It also looks to safeguard Convert Insights and the rights of staff and other parties who depend on the information or to whom it relates.
Acceptable Usage Policy
: This policy is designed to help our staff understand their responsibilities when utilising, accessing or creating content with Convert Insights IT resources or networked services. It clarifies and defines (within reason) what we deem as an acceptable use of these resources.
Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity Policy
Incident management and Response Policy
Legal Compliance:
Secure, From Start to Finish
We employ dedicated legal and compliance professionals with extensive expertise in data privacy and security.
These professionals are embedded in the development lifecycle and review products and features for compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
We also have a business code of conduct that makes legal, ethical and socially responsible choices and actions fundamental to our values and standards for meeting those goals.
Let’s Redefine How Secure Your Testing App Can Be
Book an On-Demand Demo to Learn More About Our Security Measures
Book Slot
Skip this form
Start your
15
-day free trial now.
No credit card needed
Access to premium features
First Name
*
Business Email
*
(Input a valid email address)
I want to receive the Convert Newsletter
By submitting this form, you agree to have read and acknowledged our:
terms of use
,
privacy notice
and
non-aligned customers' policy
*
Continue
You can always change your preferences later.
You're Almost Done.
Company Name
*
What Job(s) Do You Do at Work?
*
(Choose Up to 2 Options):
I manage a marketing team
I manage a tech team
I research and/or hypothesize experiments
I code & QA experiments
Convert is committed to protecting your privacy.
Country
*
Where Did You Hear About Convert (optional)
START MY FREE TRIAL
Important. Please Read.
Check your inbox for the password to Convert’s trial account.
Log in using the link provided in that email.
To ensure you receive your
30
-day trial from our ambassador, please use the same browser to claim your account.
This sign up flow is built for maximum security. You’re worth it!
Close Form
901 N Market St Suite #100 Wilmington
DE 19801 United States USA
Phone (U.S.):
+1-888-666-9711
Phone (U.K.):
+44 (20) 35230604
Start 15-Day Free Trial
Product
Free Trial
Request a Demo
Features
Pricing
A/B Testing
Convert MCP Server
Multivariate Testing
Multi-page Testing
Audience Targeting
A/B Testing Goals
Full-stack Experimentation
Integrations
API Access
Ecommerce A/B Testing
App Roadmap
Praise
For CRO agencies
Convert For Agencies
Certified Agencies
Get Certified
CRO Agencies Directory
Resources
Blog
Hi AI, learn about Convert
Partnership Programs
Glossary
Tools Comparison
FAQ
VWO Alternative
Optimizely Alternative
Intelligems Alternative
Mida Alternative
Case Studies
Hypothesis Generator
Duration Calculator
Company
Support Center
Developer Docs
Support Team
About Us
Why Trust Convert's Data
Conscious Business
Global Privacy Map
Jobs
Write For Us
Privacy
GDPR
Security
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Convert Intelligence Privacy (Beta)
Contact Us
94035
TREES PLANTED
© 2026, Convert Insights Inc. All rights reserved
Terms of use
Privacy Notice
Opt Out
