# https://docs.abtasty.com/integrations
Integrations | AB Tasty Documentation
⌘
Ctrl
k
Ask
Platforms
Pricing
Resources
More
Use AB Tasty solutions
Get started
Join the user community
Find quick Answers & Fixes
Explore dev doc
Release Notes
Flagship - Deprecated
GitBook Assistant
I'm here to help you with the docs.
What is this page about?
What should I read next?
Can you give an example?
⌘
Ctrl
i
AI
Based on your context
Send
Welcome to AB Tasty documentation
Commerce
Getting started
Recommendations
Merchandising
Search
Catalog
Rules
Browse controls
Widget implementation
Monitoring deployment health
Dashboard
Web Experimentation and Personalization
Feature Experimentation & Rollout
Emotions AI
Library
Integrations
Integrations general information
Send data to your 3rd Party
Import Audiences to AB Tasty
Other integrations
Custom integrations
Reporting & Performances
Account settings
Learnings
Ideas backlog
AdaptiveCX
AdaptiveCX
Getting started
Powered by GitBook
On this page
For the complete documentation index, see
llms.txt
. This page is also available as
Markdown
.
Ask
On this page
Use AB Tasty solutions
Integrations
Integrations enable seamless data exchange between your analytics tools and AB Tasty, allowing you to import audience segments from your CRM or DMP and export data to external warehouses for advanced reporting. Easily connect your experimentation and personalization efforts to third-party tools like analytics platforms, data management systems, and productivity apps using AB Tasty's Integration Hub—no coding needed.
Effortlessly manage connections with a variety of partners to enhance your workflow and leverage existing audience data effectively.
Ready to get started?
Check out our articles on integration setup, push and pull integrations, data warehouse exports, and specific guides for popular tools like Google Analytics, Shopify, and more. Explore the documentation to find step-by-step instructions and best practices for making the most of your integrations
Get Started with Integrations
Ready to dive in? Explore our articles on integration setup, push and pull integrations, data warehouse exports, and guides for popular tools like Google Analytics and Shopify. Access step-by-step instructions and best practices to optimize your integration experience.
Why Use AB Tasty Integrations?
AB Tasty's integrations simplify connecting your experimentation and personalization strategies with third-party tools like analytics platforms, data management tools, and productivity apps via the Integration Hub—no coding required. Seamlessly send campaign data to analytics tools, import segments from CRM/DMP systems, and export data for advanced reporting. Analyze results with your preferred suite or use existing audience data for targeted strategies. Our integrations are designed to smoothly integrate into your workflow.
Previous
Creating and managing Saved Pages
Next
Integrations general information
Last updated
7 months ago
Was this helpful?
AB Tasty Website
Home page AB Tasty
Blog
Sample size calculator
Release note
AB Tasty Plateform
Login
© Copyright 2025 AB Tasty, Inc, All rights reserved
Was this helpful?
