# https://docs.abtasty.com/integrations/other-integrations/data-warehouse/data-warehouse-integrations-general-information
Data Warehouse integrations: General information | AB Tasty Documentation
⌘
Ctrl
k
Ask
Platforms
Pricing
Resources
More
Use AB Tasty solutions
Get started
Join the user community
Find quick Answers & Fixes
Explore dev doc
Release Notes
Flagship - Deprecated
GitBook Assistant
Good afternoon
I'm here to help you with the docs.
What is this page about?
What should I read next?
Can you give an example?
⌘
Ctrl
i
AI
Based on your context
Send
Welcome to AB Tasty documentation
Commerce
Getting started
Recommendations
Merchandising
Search
Catalog
Rules
Browse controls
Widget implementation
Monitoring deployment health
Dashboard
Web Experimentation and Personalization
Feature Experimentation & Rollout
Emotions AI
Library
Integrations
Integrations general information
Send data to your 3rd Party
Import Audiences to AB Tasty
Other integrations
Productivity
Data Warehouse
Data Warehouse integrations: General information
Big Query - Daily exports from AB Tasty to Big Query
Snowflake - Daily exports from AB Tasty to Snowflake
Redshift - Daily exports from AB Tasty to Redshift
Contentful: General info & key terms
Didomi
Microsoft Dynamics Commerce
Custom integrations
Reporting & Performances
Account settings
Learnings
Ideas backlog
AdaptiveCX
AdaptiveCX
Getting started
Powered by GitBook
On this page
For the complete documentation index, see
llms.txt
. This page is also available as
Markdown
.
Ask
On this page
Use AB Tasty solutions
Integrations
Other integrations
Data Warehouse
Data Warehouse integrations: General information
This feature is currently available in Early Adoption. Please contact your CSM to enroll into the Early Adopter program.
The Data Warehouse integration feature allows you to design a report from data that has been collected by AB Tasty, and export them to your external Data Warehouse. Daily exports are available to keep your external Data Warehouses up to date.
To manage your Data Warehouse integrations, go to the
Integration Hub
> Data Warehouse category.
An export is generated once an integration is configured and will execute daily at the configured time.
Connectors and exports
You need to set up a connector and an export for the Data Warehouse integration to work.
The Connector
manages the connection between AB Tasty and your Data Warehouse. Please refer to the following user guides to set it up:
BigQuery connector
Snowflake connector
Redshift connector
The Export
manages data export. It defines the following elements:
The data to export
Where to export it
The export frequency
You can create an export once a connector is configured.
Payloads
All collected data can be exported through our Data explorer API. You will be asked a payload to extract data from the Data Explorer form. The payload corresponds to a data query.
We recommend testing the Data Explorer API and validating the output data report before setting up an export.
For more information, please refer to the Developer portal’s article about the
Data Explorer API and how to query it.
Generating your payload
To generate your payload, use the new version of the
data explorer
from the Data Explorer category of the main navigation.
Please follow the following steps to generate a payload:
In the Data Explorer:
Define a date start and an end date
Choose dimension
campaignId
Fill the value: the campaignId of the campaign(s) you want to extract data from
Leave the “limit” field empty
Click “Test query data consumption”
You can apply a filter by campaignId to limit the payload to one campaign extraction. You can add more filters and dimensions to your payload.
You must define at least of metric to export
Once you click on “Test query data consumption”, the Payload will be generated as follows:
Creating an export
Step 1: Set up your export
At this stage, you’ve created the following:
your connector between your AB Tasty account and your external Data Warehouse
the payload to generate the data export
In this example, we will use BigQuery as provider. The process is the same for Snowflake and Redshift.
In the Integration Hub library, select your provider: here BigQuery.
Select the
connector
you’ve previously created to link your AB Tasty account to your BigQuery account
Name your export. For example, you can use the name/id of your campaign, to easily identify the data in your Data Warehouse. Ex: “A/B Test CTA Product page - id 123123”
Name the table that will be generated in BigQuery
Use the payload you’ve previously generated with the data explorer form
Ab Tasty automatically checks the payload for syntax errors and displays an error message if an error is encountered.
Save and Create export
This will create a full export of the existing campaign data: from the 1st minute since the campaign is running, to now. It will test the connection and create a daily report, ready to be activated at the next step.
When you click on “Save and create export”, AB Tasty checks the following:
If the Payload contains the filter campaignID
If the campaignID is well filled in
If the campaignID is linked to the current account (if the campaign has been built in the current account)
If one of the above conditions is not met, the API returns an error message.
Step 2: Activate your daily export
Now that you have created and tested your export, you can activate it. This will make it run daily at the specified time.
Every day, AB Tasty will send:
All the collected data for the campaignID that has been declared, from the last export done while the campaign is live, and the daily export active.
You can run as many exports as you want on a daily basis.
Quota
The Data Warehouse integration usage and extracts falls is limited by data explorer v2.
Your requests to Data Explorer (either by integration or direct) will be limited by a monthly quota. Your export quota is set every first of the month. The usage depends on the volume of data fetched.
AB Tasty provides tools to assist you estimate the cost of your request and know your remaining quota.
You can find more information on quota management
here
.
Previous
Data Warehouse
Next
Big Query - Daily exports from AB Tasty to Big Query
Last updated
1 year ago
Was this helpful?
AB Tasty Website
Home page AB Tasty
Blog
Sample size calculator
Release note
AB Tasty Plateform
Login
© Copyright 2025 AB Tasty, Inc, All rights reserved
Connectors and exports
Payloads
Generating your payload
Creating an export
Step 1: Set up your export
Step 2: Activate your daily export
Quota
Was this helpful?
