# https://www.shoplift.ai/
Shoplift | The CRO Platform Built for Shopify
Big news:
We're the first testing app to be Shopify Plus Certified!
Read the press release
Pricing
Partner Program
Resources
Docs
Get the most out of Shoplift
Blog
Latest & greatest from our team
Case Studies
Shopify brand success stories
Press Kit
Brand assets & media resources
Featured Article
Shoplift joins the Shopify Plus Certified App Program
See all articles
Start free trial
A/B Testing Doesn't Have to be a
Pain in the SaaS
Unleash your store’s profit potential with the first CRO platform purpose-built for Shopify
Start 14-day Free Trial
Request a Demo
Trusted by 2,000+ Shopify Plus Brands
Haus Labs, Kitsch, and Dreamland Baby run their CRO programs in Shoplift.
View Case Studies
Read the case study
Read the case study
Read the case study
YOUR STORE’S
CRO
COPILOT
Launch high-impact split tests, unlock insights, and take the guesswork out of optimization.
With Shoplift, I'm able to launch tests within minutes. It’s so easy to get started, even for non-experts. And the detailed analytics really help me understand what’s working, and what isn’t.
Jessica Lee
Founder & CEO, Modern Citizen
Take control of your
Funnel
Break free from expensive design & development work, so your team can iterate faster.
While other CRO tools promise a lot, it comes with a hidden cost of lots of design & dev time. Shoplift is the only tool that gives our marketers what they need right out of the box.
Lee Bissonnette
Chief Digital Officer, Marc Fisher Footwear
Work with
Shopify
, Not AGainst It
No more wrestling with buggy third-party code editors, messy workarounds, and fragile CSS.
We've worked with every major A/B testing tool and Shoplift offers by far the best combination of performance and simplicity. It feels like a natural extension of Shopify, rather than a clunky add-on or workaround.
Jonathan Pennington
Founder of Bonshore
Trusted by thousands of top-performing brands
$5.3B
GMV of merchants
2.1B
Sessions analyzed
+21.7%
Median CVR lift
Optimization Beyond your
Wildest Theme
Plug and play
instantly
Install from the Shopify App Store and sync your store’s architecture in seconds.
Test
anything
With theme tests and template tests, no part of your store is off limits.
Mighty
Flexible
Effortlessly handles your custom themes, complex apps, and anything else you can throw at it.
Plug and play
instantly
Install from the Shopify App Store and sync your store’s architecture in seconds.
Test
anything
With theme tests and template tests, no part of your store is off limits.
Mighty
Flexible
Effortlessly handles your custom themes, complex apps, and anything else you can throw at it.
Build your test directly in
Shopify
Easily duplicate and then edit variants within the
Shopify Theme Customizer
. Add blocks, sections, templates — even app blocks. Go even further by injecting your own
Liquid
or
Javascript
.
Request a demo
or Lift Assist
™
will
build it for you
Lift Assist™
analyzes millions of shopper sessions to recommend what converts and
automatically generates
features like countdown timers, sticky carts, inventory indicators, and more. It’s like
jailbreaking
your theme.
Request a demo
Personalize
Shoplift dynamically adapts your store based on user behavior, geo, channel, device, and more.
Automatic cohort segmentation: recognize unique behaviors to identify trends as they happen.
Analyze
612 analysis parameters–with purchase type detection and 1:1 Shopify order matching–provide unparalleled accuracy and precision.
Shoplift’s advanced machine learning models predict statistical significance in real-time, so you get results faster.
Iterate
Instantly implement winning tests with one-click “Apply Variant.” No more wasted time reverse-engineering tests in site code.
Fine-tune experiences for every segment of your audience using test insights to discover new areas of opportunity.
All The Power
‍
None of the BullS#!T
No page flicker or page
speed issues
Built for global commerce, with support for 130+ currencies
Compatible with Github workflows
Compatible with GA4, Hotjar, and other popular analytics tools
Integrates with Shopify Markets and Translate & Adapt
“Hands down, the best A/B testing app on the market for Shopify. So easy to use, without any setup headaches like you might get with other apps.”
Joseph Lam
CEO & Co-founder of Parents Are Human
Shoplift
Success
Stories
Ursa Major's formula for success: Growing AOV without sacrificing brand integrity
Skincare megabrand Ursa Major knew growing their AOV couldn’t come at the cost of their brand’s carefully curated customer experience. With Shoplift’s seamless Shopify integration, their data-backed tests boosted AOV by 4.3% without compromising site performance or brand standards.
Read more
+4.3%
AOV Growth
+5.2%
RPV Increase
How Cobra Puma Golf's Lean Team Drove 72% Add-to-Cart Growth Through Lightning-Fast A/B Testing
Cobra Puma Golf's lean team leveraged Shoplift's A/B testing to overcome wholesale constraints, achieve lightning-fast test setup, reduce costs by 65%, and drive a 72% increase in add-to-cart rates by making data-driven decisions.
Read more
+72%
Add-to-Cart Rate
-65%
Cost to Test
How Life is Good Built a Culture of Experimentation and Let the Data Lead
Life is Good's e-commerce business had reached a scale where experimentation to improve the customer experience could unlock new growth. A new lead brought in A/B testing, the team adopted it faster than anyone expected, and within months a test-and-learn mindset had spread across the business. From site experience to merchandising to operational assumptions that had gone unexamined for years.
Read more
+6.3%
AOV Lift
How &Collar reclaimed millions of dollars in growth from legacy CRO bog
When fast-growing menswear brand &Collar realized that their legacy CRO platform was causing them to leave millions of dollars on the table with their leaky acquisition funnel, founder Ben Perkins switched to Shoplift. As a result, he didn’t just speed up testing—he revolutionized &Collar’s CRO strategy, leading to a 20% lift in revenue per visitor in mere weeks.
Read more
+20.7%
RPV Improvement
-95%
Cost to Test
How Great Jones cut down test setup and modernized their CRO
When popular kitchenware maker Great Jones sought more conversions from their demand generation and partnerships funnels, they needed a platform that was as nimble as their small team. Jeannie O'Reilly, Head of Growth & Analytics, onboarded with Shoplift and they were running A/B tests within days.
Read more
+21.2%
CVR Improvement
+16.1%
ROAS Increase
READY TO UNLOCK
NEW REVENUE
GROWTH?
Start 14-day Free Trial
Request a Demo
Request demo
Close Cookie Popup
Cookie Preferences
By clicking “Accept All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage and assist in our marketing efforts as outlined in our
privacy policy
.
Strictly Necessary (Always Active)
Cookies required to enable basic website functionality.
Analytics
Cookies helping us understand how this website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues.
Marketing
Cookies used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests.
Personalization
Cookies allowing the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in).
Customize
Save
Decline All
Accept All
What's Working in CRO
No filler. Test results, teardowns, and tactics from real stores.
Send it to me
You're in! Look out for the next issue.
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Navigation
Home
Pricing
Partner program
Start free trial
Request a demo
Product
Price Testing
Subscription Testing
Campaigns
CRO For:
Activewear
Supplements
Skincare
Resources
Case Studies
The Bees Knees x Nimstrata
Lineage Provisions x Novel
Dreamland Baby x Novel
Sip Tequila x SavedBy
Rylee + Cru x FenixCommerce
Resources
Shoplift vs. Intelligems
Shoplift vs. Visually
Shoplift vs. Elevate
Shoplift vs. VWO
Shoplift vs. Optimizely
Shoplift vs. A/B Tasty
Top 10 A/B Testing Tools
Top 10 UGC Apps
Resources
Docs
Blog
Press Kit
Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
DPA
© 2026 Plurality Digital Inc., DBA Shoplift
