# https://www.compose.co
Compose | Pay-as-You-Go A/B Testing & Optimization Platform
Pricing
Capabilities
Resources
Support
Blog
CRO strategic planning
Detailed hypothesis planning, prioritization, and road mapping tools to help your team stay organized and make the most of your optimization efforts.
Web experimentation
Easily set up and execute A/B/n and split URL tests with custom goals, audiences, triggers, and more. Then gain valuable insights from real time auto-calculated reports and analytics.
AI hypothesis generation
Coming soon
A first-of-its-kind AI idea library that will analyze your website content and data to provide personalize high-impact experimentation opportunities.
No-code Shopify integration
No dev team? If you're on Shopify that's no problem. Integrate directly with your Shopify account to create Shopify Template and Shopify Theme experiments with no code required!
Why Compose?
Read about the key differentiators of Compose for experimentation and how it stacks up against other options
Replace Google Optimize affordably
Don't miss out on continued growth and optimization opportunities in the wake of Google Optimize's sunset
Explore
Hire an expert
For agencies
Support center
Contact us
Roadmap
Sign in
Sign up
Schedule demo
Open main menu
The only pay as you go A/B testing platform on the market
Unleash the power of next-gen experimentation while only paying for what you need with our unique pay-as-you-go pricing. Ideal for businesses seeking a scalable, flexible, and affordable testing solution.
Request demo
By submitting your email you agree to receive marketing emails from Compose
Optimize conversion rates confidently with
client-side testing
Follow a simple step by step process to create and launch experiments that will provide your team valuable insights to grow your business and improve user experiences.
Unlimited Experiments & Collaborators
A/B and Split URL Experiments
Audience Segmentation & Custom Triggers
Default and Custom Goals
No-Flicker Page Load
Code Editor & No-Code Shopify Integration
Collaborative features for
CRO strategic planning
Make the most of your CRO efforts with a toolset to keep your team organized and thinking strategically about the most impactful hypotheses and your experimentation roadmap.
Collaborative Hypothesis List
Experimentation Roadmap
Prioritization Scoring (PIE)
Link Hypotheses and Experiments for Reference
Make data-driven decisions
based on statistically valid reports
Compose automatically tracks revenue, engagement, bounce rate, and RPV to generate easy to understand reports and statistical significance calculations. You can also track custom goals to make your reports even more relevant. If you want to dive deeper - easily integrate Compose with GA4 or export the raw data to run your own reports.
Audience filtering by device, source, & user type
Auto-calculated frequentist stat calculations
Easy to understand graphs
GA4 and BigQuery integrations
The only
pay as you go
experimentation platform
Only pay for what you use. Our month-to-month subscription automatically scales to save you money as traffic and experiment velocity fluctuate throughout the year.
The most affordable A/B testing solution
Only pay for what you use each month
One plan that scales automatically
No long term commitment
No monthly minimums
Pricing details
No-code integration with
Shopify
Themes and Templates
Seamlessly test template and theme variations without writing a single line of code. Compose integrates with your Shopify storefront, so that you can use the visual editor you`re already familiar with.
Install on Shopify
Built for growth
Scale your startup
faster
Unlimited Collaborators
Invite as many team members to view or edit within your account as you would like.
Unlimited Experiments
Compose does not limit test numbers for any plan. The sky is the limit for optimization.
Unlimited Projects
Perfect for agencies or companies with multiple sites. Just pay for one subscription.
Unlimited Tested Users
Can accommodate any number of unique tested users per month.
Connect with conversion rate optimization experts
Need to optimize your website, but don`t know where to start? Looking for an agency to assist with ideation, design, and development? We`ve got you covered. Our agency partners are experts in the field and have proven success with the Compose software and A/B testing for their clients.
Hire an expert
Become a partner
We're committed to our customers
Our feature roadmap is constantly adjusted to meet the needs of our current customers. Click below to request features, upvote features, and view the changelog.
Under Review
Changing traffic allocation for paused experiments
Commenting capability within hypothesis tickets
Planned
Day counter next to start date on experiment reports page
Enhanced onboarding flow for new users
Quick Deploy
In Progress
More advanced filtering options within reports
Request a feature
Product
Pricing
CRO strategic planning
Web experimentation
Shopify App
Resources
Blog
Hire an Expert
For Agencies
Google Optimize
Request a feature
Company
Support
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
GDPR
Schedule Demo
Subscribe for feature release updates & CRO tips!
Submit
2024 Compose App. All right reserved.
Subscribe for feature updates and CRO tips!
Submit
Product
Pricing
CRO Strategic Planning
Web Experimentation
Shopify App
Resources
Blog
Hire an Expert
For Agencies
Google Optimize
Request a feature
Company
Support
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
GDPR
© 2024 Compose Software, LLC. All rights reserved.
