# https://www.compose.co/pricing
Compose | Affordable usage-based A/B testing and experimentation
Pricing
Capabilities
Resources
Support
Blog
CRO strategic planning
Detailed hypothesis planning, prioritization, and road mapping tools to help your team stay organized and make the most of your optimization efforts.
Web experimentation
Easily set up and execute A/B/n and split URL tests with custom goals, audiences, triggers, and more. Then gain valuable insights from real time auto-calculated reports and analytics.
AI hypothesis generation
Coming soon
A first-of-its-kind AI idea library that will analyze your website content and data to provide personalize high-impact experimentation opportunities.
No-code Shopify integration
No dev team? If you're on Shopify that's no problem. Integrate directly with your Shopify account to create Shopify Template and Shopify Theme experiments with no code required!
Why Compose?
Read about the key differentiators of Compose for experimentation and how it stacks up against other options
Replace Google Optimize affordably
Don't miss out on continued growth and optimization opportunities in the wake of Google Optimize's sunset
Explore
Hire an expert
For agencies
Support center
Contact us
Roadmap
Sign in
Sign up
Schedule demo
Open main menu
The only
pay as you go
A/B testing software
Compose is the only A/B testing software that is entirely usage based, adjusting to meet your needs. Only pay for what you need based on your website traffic and experimentation velocity month-to-month.
0
MTU
Early Adopter Plan
Pay $0.0012 / Monthly Tested Users (MTU), Compose will only charge for what you use.
MTU
$0.00
Get started today
What's Included...
Unlimited experiments & variants
Unlimited collaborators & projects
All CRO strategic planning tools
All web experimentation features
Real time reports
View complete feature list
Advanced Support Add-on
Learn more
Dedicated success manager
On demand guidance and assistance from a CRO specialist including up to 1 hour of monthly meeting time.
Chat support
Get answers quickly with access to chat support in addition to our standard email support.
Continuous data storage
With the Advanced Support Add-on historical data is stored no matter the length of time between active tests.
Learn more
One plan that adjusts to meet your needs
Only pay for what you use each month
Guaranteeing your team the best pricing, even if you pause experimentation or have traffic fluctuations seasonally
Scale automatically
Pricing automatically adjusts without having to change your plan if you want to ramp up or scale back testing
Pay month-to-month
No long term contracts or minimum tested users, just simple, transparent pricing billed at the end of each month
Complete feature list
CRO strategic planning features
Unlimited collaborators
Create hypothesis backlog
PIE hypothesis prioritization
Experimentation roadmap
Ability to link to experiments
Affordable web experimentation
Unlimited experiments & variants
A/B/n and split URL testing
Code editor
Audience segmentation
Goal specifications
Custom triggers
Traffic allocation
QA testing mode
Analyze and discover insights
Real time reports
Frequentist stat calculations
Reports data filtering
GA4 integration
BigQuery integration
Unique to Compose
Pay as you go pricing
Free onboarding session
Unlimited projects
Request & upvote new features
Shopify ecommerce integration
AI hypothesis generation
Video support sessions with Compose engineers
Onboarding & technical consulting packages
Compose is designed to be an easy-to-use, self-service, platform. We have a help center with support docs and videos to help you get started and our support team is always available to answer questions via email and chat. However, if you need additional technical assistance you can purchase time with our engineering team for one-on-one personalized assistance.
Request a session
Half-day
with Compose team
A perfect option for enhanced onboarding, assisting with a unique custom goal, and more. You will have the option to book either a morning (8AM - 12PM CST) or afternoon (1PM - 5PM CST) to meet with a member of our technical team via video call.
$400 | One time fee paid up front
Full-day
with Compose team
A great choice for teams needing assistance with more complex requests. For example developing and getting your first experiment live from start to finish. You will reserve a full day with a member of our engineering team via video call (8AM - 5PM CST - with a 1 hour break for lunch).
$800 | One time fee paid up front
Ready to get started?
Schedule demo
Sign up
Frequently Asked Questions
How long is the minimum commitment? Is there a free trial?
With Compose, there's no minimum commitment. Our plans are month-to-month, offering you complete flexibility. While we don't provide a traditional free trial, you can explore our platform for free until you launch your first experiment.
How much does Compose cost?
Your bill with Compose will be different each month based on usage. The current rate is $0.0012/monthly tested user (MTU). For example, if you accumulate 283,751 tested users in the month of March, on April 1st you would be billed $340.51. Suppose your site traffic is lower the following month and you only reach 193,624 tested users, then on May 1st you would be billed $232.35. Monthly bills will always be rounded up to the nearest cent.
When am I billed?
You won't incur any charges until you initiate an experiment or purchase the Advanced Support package. Once you start testing, billing occurs on the first of each month. Your invoice covers all tested users from the previous month, along with the Advanced Support fee if applicable. If you upgrade your support plan mid-month, your next invoice will include a prorated charge for the previous month as well as the subscription cost.
Is there a way to see a running total for the month?
Admins and owners can view billing details, including a running total of monthly tested users (MTUs) and invoice amount for the month. A visual chart also displays your monthly tested users over time, color-coded by project.
What if we don’t run any experiments in a given month?
If you don't conduct any experiments during a month, you won't incur any charges. (Note: if you are on the Advanced Support plan you will still be billed the subscription fee until canceled)
What support do you offer for learning and implementing the software?
We provide various support options to assist you in learning and implementing our software. These include a complimentary 1-hour onboarding session, email support, onboarding emails, and access to our extensive support center featuring tutorial videos. For additional assistance, we offer an Advanced Support package, or you can opt for half or full-day support sessions with a member of our technical team.
Product
Pricing
CRO strategic planning
Web experimentation
Shopify App
Resources
Blog
Hire an Expert
For Agencies
Google Optimize
Request a feature
Company
Support
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
GDPR
Schedule Demo
Subscribe for feature release updates & CRO tips!
Submit
2024 Compose App. All right reserved.
Subscribe for feature updates and CRO tips!
Submit
Product
Pricing
CRO Strategic Planning
Web Experimentation
Shopify App
Resources
Blog
Hire an Expert
For Agencies
Google Optimize
Request a feature
Company
Support
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
GDPR
© 2024 Compose Software, LLC. All rights reserved.
