# https://docs.intelligems.io/
Welcome to Intelligems | Intelligems Docs
Intelligems Docs
⌘
Ctrl
k
Intelligems Docs
Welcome to Intelligems
Getting Started
Getting Started
Adding Intelligems Script to your Theme
Updating the Intelligems Script
Common Use Cases
Best Practices
General FAQs
Billing FAQs
Price Testing
Price Testing - Getting Started
Price Testing Integration Guides
How to Set Up a Price Test
Price Test QA Checklist
Starting a Price Test
Ending a Price Test
Testing Prices with Subscriptions
Multi-Currency Testing
Price Testing FAQs
Running a Price Test and a Theme Test at the Same Time
Shipping Testing
Shipping Testing - Getting Started
How to Set Up a Shipping Test
Shipping Test QA Checklist
Starting a Shipping Test
Ending a Shipping Test
Shipping Progress Bar Integration
Shipping Testing FAQs
Content Testing
Content Testing - Getting Started
Content Test QA Checklist
Ending a Theme Test
Content Testing FAQs
Troubleshooting Low Visitor Counts in a Split URL Test
Personalizations
Getting Started with Personalizations
Personalization Modifications
Theme Personalization Precautions
Adding Targeting to a Personalization
Previewing Personalizations
Scheduling Personalizations
Rolling Out Tests
Offer Personalizations
Personalizations FAQs
OFFER PERSONALIZATIONS
Getting Started with Merchandising Personalizations
How to Set Up Onsite Upsells
Integrating Components
Upgrade Components
Offer Personalizations Library
Testing Merchandising
How to Set Up a Price Test with Quantity Buttons
Merchandising Experience QA Checklist
Offers Limits
Running a Large Number of Offer Personalizations with Shopify Functions
Merchandising Combinations
CHECKOUT
Getting Started with Checkout Personalizations
How to Set Up a Checkout Personalization or Test
Testing Checkout Personalizations
What You Can and Cannot Test in Checkout
Checkout Test QA Checklist
Checkout Personalizations Library
Checkout FAQs
Post Purchase Upsells
Getting Started with Post-Purchase Upsells
How to Set Up a Post-Purchase Upsell Personalization or Test
Post-Purchase Upsell QA Checklist
Post-Purchase Upsell FAQs
General Features
Targeting
Onsite Editor
Visual Experience Builder
Atlas QA
Image Onsite Editor
CSS Styles and JavaScript Injection
Global Styles
Analytics
Overview
How Orders and Sessions are Attributed
Order and Revenue Accounting
Experiment Analytics
Sitewide Analytics
Custom Events
How to Add Profit to Intelligems Analytics
How to Add Product Groups to Intelligems Analytics
Black Friday Live Tracker
Data Sharing
How to Calculate 90-Day Shopper LTV by Intelligems Test Group
Analytics FAQs
Performance Optimization
Site Performance
Optimizing Your Price-Test Integration
Anti-Flicker Modes
Edgemesh
Integrations
Webhook Integration
Google Analytics 4 Integration
Amplitude Integration
Klaviyo Integration
Heap Integration
Segment Integration
Heatmap Integrations
Navidium Testing
Corso Testing
JUST Checkout
SavedBy Testing
Slack Integration
Checkout Reviews Testing
Checkout Champ Integration
Shoptin Testing
Truemed Testing
Developer Resources
Javascript API
External API
MCP Server
Intelligems Theme Snippet
Advanced Settings
Cart Permalinks
Custom Add to Cart and Order Completed Events
Shopify's Universal Commerce Protocol (UCP) Compatibility
Headless Storefronts
Shopify Scripts is sunsetting
Powered by GitBook
On this page
For the complete documentation index, see
llms.txt
. This page is also available as
Markdown
.
Copy
On this page
Welcome to Intelligems
What is Intelligems?
Intelligems is the ultimate profit optimization tool. We provide data-driven solutions and help maximize profits for Shopify merchants wanting to optimize their content, prices, discounts, and shipping rates.
Our mission is simple: we want to help e-commerce entrepreneurs improve their businesses and make more money, by helping you use data to manage your websites and profitability more effectively. We aim to provide independent e-commerce stores access to the same revenue optimization tools that power the growth and profitability of companies like Amazon and Uber.
Why Intelligems?
Our founders and several team members met at Via Transportation, a ridesharing company based in NYC. Over the course of five years, we gradually built out the tools, data, algorithms, and systems to compete with the rapidly evolving rideshare market.
The most powerful tool we built was a dynamic pricing engine underpinned by robust A/B testing. Any question or hypothesis we had, we could simply run a test to get the (statistically significant) answer.
Now, as Intelligems, we are bringing our learning, mindset, and toolkit to e-commerce operators, especially Shopify store owners.
Looking for developer docs? You're in the right place, you can
get started here
!
What can we test with Intelligems?
Intelligems let’s you test just about anything on your Shopify store. See below for more details on the four different categories of tests Intelligems can help you run. If you don’t see what you’re looking for in one of those options, or aren’t sure of the best way to set up a specific test you have in mind, reach out to our support team
here
.
Pricing
Intelligems takes the guesswork out of setting your product prices by allowing you to A/B test prices in real time in order to find the “right” product prices to drive profit, revenue, and conversion boosts.
Price Testing - Getting Started
Shipping
Testing your shipping rates and thresholds with Intelligems allows you to find rates that work for you and your customers. The right shipping profile can allow you to boost profits, maximize conversion without sacrificing on margin, or boost AOV.
Shipping Testing - Getting Started
Content
Intelligems can run A/B tests for website imagery and copy, landing pages, Shopify themes or templates, UX, and more. With Google Optimize recently sunsetting, now is the right time to transition.
Content Testing - Getting Started
Experiences & Offers
Experiences
let you offer code-less content changes, promotions, volume discounts, and free gifts to particular audiences or all site visitors. You can test Offers via Experiences before deploying them to optimize your discount strategy. Integrate with Klaviyo flows, external advertisements, and landing pages to ensure consistent experiences for visitors. This includes things like testing your welcome offer, or gift-with-purchase thresholds to boost AOV.
Getting Started with Personalizations
Next
Getting Started
Last updated
8 months ago
Was this helpful?
What is Intelligems?
Why Intelligems?
What can we test with Intelligems?
Pricing
Shipping
Content
Experiences & Offers
Was this helpful?
