# https://developer.monetate.com/sdks
Get Started with Monetate SDKs - Monetate SDKs
Knowledge Base
Support
Monetate Platform Login
Home
Get to Know Monetate
JavaScript API
Engine API
SDKs
Personalized Search API
Auth API
Data API
Metadata API
Data Privacy APIs
Navigate through spaces
Search
K
Getting Started with Monetate SDKs
SDK Version updates
Install the Monetate SDKs
SDK Objects
Context Layer Implementation Guide
Engine Endpoint Configuration
SDK Methods
Report Methods
GetActions
Context Events Parameters
SDK Event and Action Types
SDK Event Details
Event Code Samples
React Web Event Code Samples
React Native Event Code Samples
iOS Event Code Samples
Android Event Code Samples
Actions
Create a Banner Message Action
Create an Image-Based Badging Action
Create a Recommendations Action
Create Social Proof Actions
Create a Data Collection Action
Create a No Action Handler
Docs powered by
Archbee
Getting Started with Monetate SDKs
The Monetate SDK allows you to easily utilize the capabilities of the
Engine API
﻿
. Using methods that simplify the API calls, you can create and run your experience quickly and with minimal effort. The SDK can be used for any channel, including Web, mobile apps, and single-page applications.
In a traditional
Monetate tag–based implementation
﻿
, Monetate is running in the browser and can directly manipulate the site by inserting, editing, or removing content via reusable actions. Monetate tag–based integrations are easy to deploy but can't be implemented in some channels such as mobile apps.
The Engine API is a RESTful API that serves as a direct entry point to Monetate's decision engine. It can be used to access the decision engine in any channel. Passing and collecting data requires specific API calls and might be complicated for some applications.
The Monetate SDK simplifies the API calls by acting as a translation layer to the Monetate decision engine. The SDK provides easy-to-use methods that send event data directly to the decision engine and receive the experience to serve. SDK implementations can be used in the same channels as Engine API implementations.
Updated
29 Apr 2026
NEXT
SDK Version updates
Docs powered by
Archbee
Docs powered by
Archbee
Copyright © 2025 Monetate. All Rights Reserved |
Terms & Conditions
|
Website Privacy Policy
|
Release Notes
