# https://support.conductrics.com/docs/docs-overview
Overview
Jump to Content
Docs
Announcements
Go to Conductrics.com →
Docs
Search
Go to Conductrics.com →
Docs
Announcements
Overview
Documentation
Overview
Getting Started
Contacting Conductrics
Using Conductrics Express
Creating an Express Agent
Variation Setup > WYSIWYG
Variation Setup > Custom JS
CSS Selector Primer
The Agent List Page
The Agent Home Page
Goals / Conversions
QA with Express Previews
Starting an Express Test
Triggering View-States
Multi Page Changes
Using Redirect Agents
One-Way Redirect Agents
Two-Way Redirect Agents
"Recording" Page Changes
Using Express Macros
Sending Goals via REST API for Express/JS Agents
Sending REST API Goals via Express
Agent Concepts
Custom Visitor Traits
Starting / Stopping Agents
Selection Policies
Mutually Exclusive Agents
Mutually Exclusive Agent: Filtering
Multivariate (MVT) Agents
Visitor Data & Privacy
Targeting with Conductrics
Visitor Lookup Tables
Weights and Percentages
Stabilizing "Random" Selections With Your Visitor Identifier
Predictive Agents
How Predictive Agents Work
Predictive Agent Guidelines
Reporting
Activity Report
A/B Testing Report
Audience Report
MVT Report
Notifications
Bots and Crawlers
Test Interaction Reporting
Mobile Support
Options for Mobile
Swift/iOS via REST Helper
Java/Android via REST Helper
iOS On-Device API
Android On-Device API
React Native Support
Main Runtime API
Runtime API Overview
Using the REST API
Using the Local JS API
Runtime API Reference
Creating API Agents in the Admin
Using List Agents
Using Custom Flowlets
Custom Input Params
Guide for Server-Side Usage
Using Provisional Selections
The API Testbed
QA Sessions for REST API
Bypass Mode for REST API
Session Identifier Placeholders
Self-Storage Mode for REST API
Managing API Keys
Conductrics Surveys
Surveys Overview
Creating a Survey
Survey Question Types
Survey Options
Survey Themes
Survey Reporting
Surveys: Under the Hood
Survey FAQ
Survey Responses in the Data Layer
Survey Reporting API
Integrations
Analytics Integration Overview
Data Layer Support
Tealium-Style Data Layers
Suggested Flowlet Usage for Content-Based Apps
Simple Data Layer
Simple Data Layer for REST API
Google Analytics 4 Integration
Google Analytics Integration (Legacy)
Analytics Connectors
Setting up a Snowplow Connector (Beta)
Snowplow Schema Information
Sending Survey Data to Adobe Analytics
Passing an External Visitor Identifier
Other Analytics Services
Google Cloud Data Integration
Demandbase Integration
Conductrics Privacy Server
First-Party Event Reporting
Using Conductrics Markup
Conductrics Markup
Markup Configuration
Standalone Usage
Administrative APIs
Admin APIs Overview
Reporting API
Agent Management API
Managing Express Agents via Admin APIs
Goal Management API
Custom Visitor Traits API
Deployments
Deployment Options
Script Tag Installation
Two-Factor Deploys
Enabling Debug Messages
Visitor Data Storage Options
Content Security Policies (CSPs)
Conductrics and ITP
Self-Hosting the Conductrics Script
Deploy Webhooks
Webhook Example
Limiting Express
Event Logging
Your Account
Teams
Admin Users / Access
SSO via SAML
Okta SSO
Migrating from Prior Versions
New Admin & 2021 Recap
V2 / V3 API Compatibility
Using a "Substitute" JS file
Using an Alternate Deploy Target
Conductrics Edge
Conductrics Edge Overview
Conductrics Edge Setup
Conductrics Edge Setup for Akamai
Using Conductrics Edge
Edge-Side JavaScript
Edge FAQ
FAQ And Troubleshooting
FAQ and Troubleshooting
Agent Checklist Before Running
Powered by
Documentation
Overview
In this general overview, we will take a look at how Conductrics helps you utilize data to inform your business decisions.
By employing
A/B testing
and
interpretable machine learning
, Conductrics lets you experiment on
variations
of websites, web pages, headlines, buttons, checkout flows, server-side processes, colors, fonts, or really anything that can be described in terms of distinguishing factors.
In short, Conductrics helps you answer the question: “Which of these variations lead(s) to best results?”.
1. Agents
In Conductrics’ vernacular,
Agents
are used to encode the problem or atomic task that you are looking to solve. When working with an A/B test, the Agent represents the
test runner
.
The Agent creates and curates the group of visitors you want included in the test, and it serves this group the variations that have been selected for each individual visitor. The Agent also receives and processes information about goals these users complete, so that it can inform you on which group of visitors visiting which one of the variations has the highest probability of performing the best.
Agent name, description, and variations.
📘
Example
Jeanine wants to know if changing the headline of her call-to-action to something more marketable would improve the click-through-rate as well as increase the number of subscriptions. This is the underlying business problem she is trying to solve. To help her find a statistically solid answer, she builds an
Express Agent
which gives her a frictionless start to setting up the experiment.
2. Variations
When creating or editing an Agent, you need to establish
variations
for the test. Each variation represents different facets of the thing you intend to test. You typically have a default variant, which represents the current state, and then you would have one or more variations to represent the changes whose impact you want to measure.
Conductrics provides you with a visual editor that lets you modify the changes each variation implements directly on the site itself, and you can also run custom JavaScript code when a variation is selected for a user (if you want to dynamically modify items in the global namespace of the page, for example).
You can also create more bare-boned API Agents, which simply return the variation identifier when an API request is made. This way you can decide exactly what happens when a variation is selected for a user.
Changing the headline in the visual editor tool of Conductrics Express.
📘
Example
By using the visual editor, Jeanine creates a variation
B
(in addition to the original state of the call-to-action in variation
A
). In this modified variation, she edits the headline text directly on the page to include a more direct message on what the benefits are for subscribing to her service. After she’s made the changes, she saves them into the variation code, ensuring that whenever a user is selected to see this variation B, they will be served the modified headline text in the call-to-action box.
3. Selections
An Agent makes
selections
. A selection is made when your website, app, or server contacts Conductrics and requests a variation for a user. Sometimes no selection is made, for example if the user doesn’t validate against the conditions you have established as prerequisites for the test. If a variation has already been selected for the user, that same selection will be applied to the user for as long as the test runs.
You can assign selections totally at random (approximating an even split between the variations), using
Predictive Analytics
, or by setting fixed targeting rules because you have prior knowledge or intuition that a certain variation will produce positive results for a specific user group.
Create a selection condition utilizing a Custom Visitor Trait ("Status").
📘
Example
Jeanine only wants to include in the test those users who are not already subscribers, so she creates a
Custom Visitor Trait
to check a browser cookie for whether the user is already a subscriber. Furthermore, she uses another Custom Visitor Trait to always show the more marketable headline to visitors who land on the page from her social media campaigns. The rest of the visitors will receive a selection from the Agent using Predictive Analytics, which is a built-in option in Conductrics for selecting variations for users with algorithms fuelled by machine learning.
4. Rewards
To determine which variation performs best, you will signal Conductrics whenever the user completes a goal or converts. In Conductrics’ terminology, you are sending a
reward
to the platform, indicating that the user in question has performed something that you consider valuable in determining the success criteria for the test.
Creating a goal which accepts rewards through the Runtime API.
📘
Example
Jeanine has configured the Agent to include two types of
rewards
: clicks on the subscription button to measure the immediate (potential) impact of the headline change, and actual subscriptions to her service to measure whether the headline had a more long-lasting impact on the user acquisition funnel. Thus, whenever a user clicks the call-to-action, Jeanine sends a reward to Conductrics so that this information is registered by the Agent. When a user completes the subscription sign-up, Jeanine uses the
Runtime API
to have her CRM send the reward for a new subscription to Conductrics.
5. Deploy Targets
Agents must be
deployed
so that they can send and receive information to and from your site, app, server, etc. Each
Deploy Target
predicates the technology stack you’ll be using to communicate with Conductrics. It functions as a
wrapper
for the Agent code, and with this architecture Conductrics can extend the range of supported environments and technology stacks with ease.
Deploy Targets can also be used for
version and access control
, because you can specify how changes to Agents are updated into the experiment code and which users have the rights to make changes to the deployments.
You can update each Deploy Target
manually
whenever an Agent changes, or you can choose to have Conductrics update it
automatically
for you (where applicable). Types of Deploy Targets you can create include a
Conductrics-hosted JavaScript API
which you load onto your site from Conductrics’ CDN, a
self-hosted JavaScript library
where you hold the reins, a
server-side API
which basically lets you make RESTful requests to Conductrics, and also
React Native
and
Node.js
Deploy Targets.
Different deploy targets listed.
📘
Example
For testing the changes on the site, Jeanine has chosen the
Conductrics-hosted
,
automatically
Deploy Target. She’s added the required script element to the HTML template of her site, ensuring that the experiment code is loaded from Conductrics’ servers whenever necessary. She’s also created a
server-side API
Deploy Target, which she’ll use to send information from her CRM to Conductrics whenever a user subscribes to her service.
6. Results
In the end, Conductrics will help you identify which variation is most
probable
to produce the most consistent and best
rewards
for the users included in the test. You can use this information to deploy the variation to your site, app, or server, generalizing that what worked for the test group should work for a larger public, too.
📘
Example
After running the Agent for the full 14 days she configured it to run (with the help of Conductrics’ test duration calculator), Jeanine concludes the test. She sees that her experiment variation for the more marketable headline showed a
Predicted Lift of 2.1%
with a
statistical confidence of 99%
for acquiring new subscriptions. She is thus convinced that implementing the more marketable headline has a high probability of improving the acquisition rate of the subscription form when generalized to all the site visitors. Being cautious about these things, Jeanine next runs the Agent again, this time targeting all the visitors (prior subscribers included) using random selection. She’ll use this information together with the previous test result to validate her hypothesis.
Updated
over 1 year ago
What’s Next
Getting Started
Did this page help you?
Yes
No
1. Agents
2. Variations
3. Selections
4. Rewards
5. Deploy Targets
6. Results
