# https://www.sitecore.com/resources/insights/security-privacy/hipaa-readiness
Sitecore’s HIPAA Readiness | Sitecore
AI is rewiring the rules of marketing.
Join us at Symposium 2026
AI is rewiring the rules of marketing.
Join us at Symposium 2026
Skip to main content
Request a demo
Platform
Solutions
Partners
Resources
Company
Search
EN
Our sites
Request a demo
Sitecore’s HIPAA readiness : Powerful digital experience solutions for healthcare
Sitecore DXP’s XM Cloud, Content Hub, CDP, and Personalize solutions are
HIPAA-ready following attestation from a third-party auditor
, giving healthcare and life science marketers and technologists the power to build standout patient experiences.
By Surya Shanmugam
.
4
minute read
Safeguarding sensitive patient data is not just a priority but a necessity in the healthcare industry. As patients engage with healthcare organizations across multiple channels and the demand for personalized and connected digital experiences grows, regulatory frameworks, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), have also become increasingly complex. This shift makes attention to data security and compliance with HIPAA more critical than ever.
To address this challenge, Sitecore has taken significant steps and achieved HIPAA readiness for our content and experience solutions, including XM Cloud, Content Hub, Customer Data Platform (CDP), and Personalize solutions – all of which are part of our digital experience platform (DXP).
Sitecore’s HIPAA attestation means that healthcare organizations can provide engaging, next-generation digital experiences while managing HIPAA compliance requirements. With the Sitecore platform, there are no compromises on quality – the same cutting-edge capabilities that B2C and B2B companies use to create digital experiences are now also available to healthcare and life science organizations.
What is HIPAA?
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (
HIPAA
) is a US-specific law that created national standards to help ensure the privacy and security of Protected Health information (PHI). It is regulated by the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and enforced by the Office for Civil Rights (OCR).
The HIPAA Privacy Rule specifically sets the standard for the uses and disclosures of PHI.
The HIPAA Security Rule sets the standard for protecting the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of electronic PHI.
Balancing digital innovation with security
The COVID pandemic increased demand for healthcare organizations to deliver seamless, patient-centric digital experiences. Whether through patient portals, mobile apps, tele- consultations, or personalized communication, the demand for digital innovation is high.
This push for digital transformation comes with an equally strong demand for data security and privacy, particularly when it comes to PHI.
Healthcare data breaches in the US have been steadily rising over the last few years as the healthcare industry has embraced digital transformation. Healthcare data breaches of 500 or more records peaked in 2023, with
745 reported incidents
, according to
HIPAA Journal.
Hacking and IT incidents are the leading cause of healthcare data breaches, with 602 breaches reported in 2023. The HHS
Office for Civil Rights
has reported a whopping 239% increase in data breaches led by hacking between January 1, 2018 and September 30, 2023.
Why did Sitecore pursue HIPAA Attestation?
Sitecore pursued HIPAA attestation through a third-party auditor in order to offer healthcare providers a more secure, scalable digital experience platform that enables them to deliver patient digital experiences seamlessly.
Our HIPAA readiness is the result of meticulous planning and is a big step forward in enabling healthcare organizations to confidently deliver personalized care while working to meet HIPAA compliance requirements.
What does HIPAA readiness mean for healthcare providers in the US?
Sitecore DXP’s HIPAA readiness helps healthcare organizations build scalable, personalized digital experiences, whether through mobile apps, websites, or patient portals – all through a HIPAA-ready platform. Our third-party HIPAA attestation is a testament to the robust security measures of the Sitecore platform and helps healthcare organizations (covered entities) trust Sitecore as their business associate to deliver standout digital experiences to patients and caregivers.
While Sitecore provides a HIPAA-ready environment, maintaining compliance is a shared responsibility between the healthcare organization and Sitecore. Sitecore focuses on the security of our DXP, and the healthcare organization manages how the DXP is configured and used to ensure internal processes are aligned with HIPAA guidelines.
Rapid evolution of the industry
As the healthcare industry continues to rapidly evolve, the demand for more secure, innovative digital experiences will only grow. Sitecore’s HIPAA readiness equips healthcare organizations with the tools they need to meet evolving patient demands while helping them adhere to HIPAA regulations.
You may also like
Platform
Platform overview
Content Management System
Digital Asset Management
AI Search
NEW
Content operations
Conversion optimization
Audience and insights
Commerce
Experience Manager (XM)
Experience Platform (XP)
Connect
Send
Solutions
Product strategy
Modernize your DX
Manage global content
Deliver limitless commerce
Optimize with data
All Customer Stories
All Experience Awards
All Analyst Reports
Sitecore Symposium
Resources
Thought leadership
Use case library
NEW
Resource Hub
Insights
Events & Webinars
Trust Center
Support
Services
Managed Cloud
Sitecore Services
Sitecore360
Sitecore Learning
AI Innovation Lab
Company
About Us
Contact us
Newsroom
Careers
© Copyright 2026, Sitecore A/S or a Sitecore affiliated company. All rights reserved.
Cookie settings
Legal Hub
Privacy
Your privacy choices
webmaster@sitecore.net
