# https://doc.sitecore.com/personalize
Sitecore Personalize | Sitecore Documentation
Skip to main content
Learn
Documentation
Community
Downloads
Changelog
Roadmap
Ask AI
Resources
Toggle menu
Users
Developers
Cloud Portal
Open search
en
Sitecore Personalize
Documentation
Access the latest documentation for Personalize, the next generation experimentation and personalization platform powered by real-time data, intelligent decisioning, and A/B testing and optimization.
Personalize Changelog
Learn about new business features along with SDK and API updates in the [Personalize Changelog](https://developers.sitecore.com/changelog/personalize).
Sitecore Cloud Portal
Manage access to your DXP products
Create users and manage their access to all your Sitecore DXP products.
Personalize user documentation
Create experiments
Create goal-driven A/B testing and optimization with context-aware personalization.
Personalize digital experiences
Create customized offers, feedback widgets, or operational messages over any channel.
Power decisioning
Create decision strategies using a flexible drag-and-drop canvas.
Use the Developer Center to create templates
Create templates for web experiments or experiences, offers, and decisions, eliminating the need for business users to write or edit code.
Analyze experiment performance
View analytics dashboards to understand experiment performance and make data-driven decisions.
Identify variant winners
View experiment performance against business goals and quickly identify winning variants.
Personalize developer documentation
Integrate using the Cloud SDK
Send data to Sitecore Personalize from JSS apps connected to XM Cloud by using the Sitecore Cloud SDK.
Integrate using the Engage SDK
Send data to Sitecore Personalize from web apps not connected to XM Cloud by using the Sitecore Engage SDK.
Run experiments and experiences
Programmatically run experiments and experiences with the REST API.
Send events in real-time
Send events from any web-based app for use in experiments, analytics, and decisioning through the Stream API.
Documentation Assistant
MCP
This assistant uses AI to generate responses based on
Sitecore documentation
. While it has access to official sources, answers may be incomplete or inaccurate and should not be considered official advice or support.
How does a developer get started in SitecoreAI?
How do I create a hierarchy of page elements in SitecoreAI?
How do I start using the Sitecore Content SDK?
How do I use AI-assisted visual search in Content Hub?
Deep Thinking
Powered by
k
kapa.ai
Protected by reCAPTCHA
© Copyright
2026
, Sitecore A/S or a Sitecore affiliated company.
All rights reserved.
Privacy policy
Sitecore Trust Center
Terms of use
