# https://www.sitecore.com/platform/ai-innovation-lab
Innovate with AI: Transform Your Marketing Challenges | Sitecore
AI is rewiring the rules of marketing.
Join us at Symposium 2026
AI is rewiring the rules of marketing.
Join us at Symposium 2026
Skip to main content
Request a demo
Platform
Solutions
Partners
Resources
Company
Search
EN
Our sites
Request a demo
Show drawer
This is the content of the drawer.
The Sitecore AI Innovation Lab
Your ideas. Our AI expertise. Endless possibilities.
Confidently explore the power of AI for marketing with expert guidance.
Turning your toughest marketing problems into AI-powered wins
Expert guidance
Your challenges, our expertise
The Sitecore AI Innovation Lab is a unique program created in collaboration with Microsoft. It provides a guided environment for marketing leaders looking to rapidly explore AI-driven solutions, backed by Sitecore and Microsoft experts.
Rapidly explore and test
Innovate today, impact tomorrow
Rapidly explore AI solutions exclusive to Sitecore customers. Access a centre of excellence to prototype solutions for unique content and experience challenges. Lab innovations will translate to enhance Sitecore products to meet your needs at speed.
Speed up your journey with AI
Confident AI exploration
Designed to help you understand where AI fits best within your strategies, with expert support to confidently unlock its potential. It’s not just about solving challenges, it’s about positioning your brand as a leader in digital innovation.
Learn more about the Sitecore AI Innovation Lab
What is the Sitecore AI Innovation Lab?
Created in collaboration with Microsoft, the Sitecore AI Innovation Lab offers a guided space for marketing leaders to rapidly explore AI solutions that optimize the content and experience lifecycle. It helps define your AI journey and accelerate the development of tailored use cases, driving enhancements directly into Sitecore products.
Where is the Sitecore AI Innovation Lab delivered?
The Sitecore AI Innovation Lab combines remote, virtual, and in-person sessions, including access to Microsoft Innovation Hubs in 40+ global cities. Collaborating closely with Microsoft experts, it headquartered in Dublin with additional teams in Sri Lanka.
Will the Sitecore AI Innovation Lab build features or solutions for me?
The Sitecore AI Innovation Lab enables customers to address their specific challenges with guidance from Sitecore and Microsoft experts, directly influencing the Sitecore's roadmap and shaping future solutions aligned to their needs.
Is there a charge for participation?
Participation is minimal risk and currently no cost for Sitecore customers. If travel is required for program engagement, participants will need to factor in time and potential travel costs.
Who is the Sitecore AI Innovation lab suitable for?
Due to time zones, the Sitecore AI Innovation Lab is open to Sitecore customers in Europe and the USA. Challenges should focus on optimizing enhancing, or innovating, the content and experience lifecycle and align with our product roadmap and direction to ensure feasibility and impact.
I'm a marketing leader, what should I do if I am interested?
Fill out the expression of interest form on this page
Is the Sitecore AI Innovation Lab right for you?
Are you a marketing leader?
The challenge you face should relate to optimizing, enhancing, or innovating within the content & experience lifecycle.
Do you use Sitecore’s products?
The challenge you face should align with our existing products and innovation direction to ensure feasibility and relevance.
Do you have time to engage?
Participation in the lab requires a commitment of time. Your time commitment will vary depending on the type of problem we’re exploring; engagements are expected to last anywhere from 3 to 8 weeks.
Get support
Resources, support, and services to unlock the full potential of Sitecore.
Get support
Join a webinar
Connect with your peers and improve how you deliver digital experience.
Explore webinars
Start a conversation
Find out what Sitecore can help you build.
Contact Sales
Stand out in AI search
The Agent Experience Platform from Scrunch, a Sitecore company, helps brands optimize for humans and AI search.
Explore AI search
Explore use cases
See what’s possible
Learn with Sitecore
Explore our webinars
Expert guides and reports
Browse the library
Sitecore Symposium 2026
Join us in Orlando
Platform
Platform overview
Content Management System
Digital Asset Management
AI Search
NEW
Content operations
Conversion optimization
Audience and insights
Commerce
Experience Manager (XM)
Experience Platform (XP)
Connect
Send
Solutions
Product strategy
Modernize your DX
Manage global content
Deliver limitless commerce
Optimize with data
All Customer Stories
All Experience Awards
All Analyst Reports
Sitecore Symposium
Resources
Thought leadership
Use case library
NEW
Resource Hub
Insights
Events & Webinars
Trust Center
Support
Services
Managed Cloud
Sitecore Services
Sitecore360
Sitecore Learning
AI Innovation Lab
Company
About Us
Contact us
Newsroom
Careers
© Copyright 2026, Sitecore A/S or a Sitecore affiliated company. All rights reserved.
Cookie settings
Legal Hub
Privacy
Your privacy choices
webmaster@sitecore.net
