# https://doc.sitecore.com/sdk/en/developers/006/cloud-sdk/sitecore-cloud-sdk-for-javascript.html
Sitecore Cloud SDK for JavaScript | Sitecore Documentation
Skip to main content
Learn
Documentation
Community
Downloads
Changelog
Roadmap
Ask AI
Resources
Toggle menu
Developers
Cloud Portal
Open search
0.6
Search in the table of contents...
Cloud SDK 0.6
Sitecore Cloud SDK for JavaScript
Comparison charts
Release notes
Getting started
Cloud SDK concepts
Developer guides
Cloud SDK reference
Upgrading
Troubleshooting
Glossary
Toggle Sidebar
Toggle full width
Change font size
Toggle focus mode
Sitecore Cloud SDK for JavaScript
Version:
0.6
The
open-source Sitecore Cloud SDK
lets developers easily integrate capabilities from various
Sitecore digital experience platform (DXP) products
Sitecore digital experience platform (DXP) products
into
Content SDK
and
JSS
applications connected to SitecoreAI.
The Cloud SDK provides a variety of packages
available on npm
.
Integrate rich Sitecore DXP capabilities
The Cloud SDK supports integrating the following Sitecore DXP capabilities:
Real-time, unified tracking
- track site visitors' behavior by capturing
events
events
on your site in real time. The event with all its data is sent to Sitecore and becomes available in the various Sitecore DXP products your organization has access to: SitecoreAI, Sitecore CDP, Sitecore Personalize, and Sitecore Search. Tracking capabilities are provided by the Cloud SDK
events
package.
Personalization
- show personalized content to site visitors.
Personalization
Personalization
capabilities are provided by the Cloud SDK
personalize
package.
Search experiences
- build
search experiences
search experiences
, such as a search results page or a recommendation component, and capture events that occur inside them. Search capabilities are provided by the Cloud SDK
search
package.
Integrate easily
Although each Sitecore DXP product has fundamentally different capabilities, the Cloud SDK greatly simplifies integrating them into your app: it standardizes integration workflows and creates a consistent, unified developer experience. The Cloud SDK makes integration fast, seamless, and predictable.
Integrate when you're ready
The Cloud SDK makes it easy to integrate with different Sitecore DXP products at different times.
For example, your organization might currently only use SitecoreAI and Sitecore Personalize. In that scenario, you'll use the Cloud SDK to integrate with Sitecore Personalize.
If your organization later decides to start using Sitecore Search as well, your existing Cloud SDK integration will continue working: you won't need to learn to use other SDKs or REST APIs. You'll only need to make code updates to your existing Cloud SDK code to integrate with Sitecore Search.
A suite of
SaaS-enabled Sitecore products
, each offering rich digital experience capabilities such as tracking, personalization, and search. The Cloud SDK supports the following Sitecore products:
Sitecore CDP
Sitecore Personalize
Sitecore Search
An action a site visitor performs in your app. For example, viewing a webpage, clicking a button, submitting a
SitecoreAI form
, searching for content, or any other interaction you want to track.
When an event triggers,
the event with all its data
is sent to Sitecore and becomes available in the various Sitecore DXP products your organization has access to. This data drives real-time, unified tracking.
The process of creating multiple variants of pages or components and then displaying those variants to different audiences depending on specific conditions. The Cloud SDK supports the personalization process by displaying the relevant content to your site visitors.
An interaction that a site visitor has with a Sitecore Search implementation that influences their satisfaction and future behavior.
If you have suggestions for improving this article,
let us know!
Feedback
Documentation Assistant
MCP
This assistant uses AI to generate responses based on
Sitecore documentation
. While it has access to official sources, answers may be incomplete or inaccurate and should not be considered official advice or support.
How does a developer get started in SitecoreAI?
How do I create a hierarchy of page elements in SitecoreAI?
How do I start using the Sitecore Content SDK?
How do I use AI-assisted visual search in Content Hub?
Deep Thinking
Powered by
k
kapa.ai
Protected by reCAPTCHA
© Copyright
2026
, Sitecore A/S or a Sitecore affiliated company.
All rights reserved.
Privacy policy
Sitecore Trust Center
Terms of use
