# https://www.webtrends-optimize.com/solutions/feature-list
Webtrends Optimize Feature List, Key Tools and Services
Solutions
Website Optimisation
Market-leading Platform
AI with Purpose
Discovery Reporting
Detailed Feature List
Flexible Services & Support
Worldwide Partnerships
Testing & Personalisation Tools
AB Testing
Personalisation
Multivariate Testing
Social Proof
Server-side Testing
Product Recommendations
Split Testing
Exit Intent
Baseline Analysis
Hello Bars
Site Search Optimisation
Onsite Retargeting
Urgency Messaging
Funnel Optimisation
Form Optimisation
Product Scraping
Onsite Surveys
No Code Widgets
Pricing
Resources
Case Studies
Testimonials
Blog
Webinars
Podcasts
Optimize Glossary
AB Testing Calculator
Optimize Help
About Us
About Us
B Corp
Sustainability
Careers
Contact Us
Login
Call us on: 0333 444 5502
Get in touch
Free Trial
Get in touch
Free Trial
Webtrends Optimize Features
Below are the core features of the Webtrends Optimize platform and services.
Our feature list seeks to help show the breadth of features, functions and services available to customers of Webtrends Optimize. In here, you may find things which are not listed in the comparisons available on our site. The comparisons use feature-sets designed by competitors, in the interest of being as open and fair as we can be for the research provided (we compare well, so it's ok!). Our own feature list is broader, and allows us to showcase the breadth of what we can do, even where it doesn't fit into the framework others measure themselves by (nobody is going to mention the things they don't do in their own comparisons!).
Our Detailed Feature List
Updated on 10th August 2021
Ways to implement us
With such a broad range of implementation methods, you can use us however and wherever you like.
Web Pages
Our most commonly used method - testing on the front-end of Web Pages, using our one-line JavaScript tag.
Server-side
Call Optimize directly from your server, to test and personalise core website functionality such as Pricing, Product Listing Order, or by feature-flagging new releases.
REST & JSONP APIs
Test and personalise in any connected environment, by communicating directly with our APIs - available over REST (JSON) and JSONP formats.
URL-Redirect (Stateful)
Point anything URL-based (images, stylesheets, scripts, etc.) directly to us, and Test or Personalise what gets served to your users. Great for testing the images inside email messages.
Experiment Types
All experimentation types available to all users, as standard.
AB & ABn
Testing one or many variations of a single factor/change/idea.
MVT - Full Factorial
The traditional MVT - testing every combination of many variations of many ideas, to accurately determine the best possible version.
MVT - Fractional Factorial
Taking the traditional MVT approach, but using Design of Experiments methodology to test a only subset of the full array - accurate projections with a fraction of the traffic.
Personalisation / Target
Identify key segments, and target each of them with a specific experience inside a single experiment.
Split Testing (URL)
The traditional redirect test - taking users from page A to page B and measuring the effectiveness of each page.
Supplementary Features
Powerful features you can use to supercharge your testing and personalisation.
Product Recommendation Engine
Serve product or content recommendations based on browsing and sales data, such as "You may also like", or "People who bought this also bought".
Social Proof Messaging
Surface popularity data on your website to encourage users to take action, such as "X people have seen/bought/purchased this in the last 24 hours
Data-Driven Merchandising
Use real-time data to drive core functions of your websites & applications, such as the sort-ordering on your PLPs - provided as a server-side service to ensure zero latency.
No-code Widgets
Build dynamic or challenging experiences with our pre-coded widget builder
Hello bars
A small bar across the top of your page. Useful for announcements, guidance, offers, etc.
Simple Lightbox
A simple lightbox with a heading, some text content and a button. Use for disruptive messaging.
Lower Corner Promo
A small promotional box in the bottom-left corner of the page. Animates into view.
Sign up for Push Notifications
Encourage users to sign up for push notifications with a primer followed by the request.
GoHighLevel Lightbox
GoHighLevel forms inserted into our lightbox.
Custom
DIY - provide your own widget JSON object and load them up into our UI.
Experiment Support
Features that help you to get experiments out of the door.
Multi-Page Testing
Run your test, whether Visual Editor or advanced on a single page or multiple ones - defined by URLs or Regular Expressions (RegEx) as you prefer.
Dynamic Pages/SPA Support
Run advanced tests on Single-Page Applications, from frameworks such as React JS, Angular JS, Vue JS, etc.
Mutual Exclusions
Control a user's exposure to multiple experiments by using mutual exclusion rules.
JS-Conditional Activation
Want to run your test based on a custom JavaScript condition? No problem - it's possible in our advanced editor.
Proxy-less Visual Editor
Proxies are detrimental to testing on pages which are difficult to access, such as single-page applications, gated pages like checkout funnels, My Account sections, etc. Proxy-less visual editors use client-side rendering, and allow you to access any page you'd normally be able to get to.
Preview Mode
Use our built-in staging environment to QA/Preview your experiments. These include our Force Experiment widget, where you pick what tests/variations you'd like to see, or our Share URLs.
Flicker-free testing
100% flicker-free testing, if the simple recommended approach is used.
Audience Selection
Dozens of ways to find the group of people you'd like to show an experiment to.
Browser & Device
Related attributes include User Agent String, Browser Name, Operating System, Device Type
Traffic Source
Related attributes include Referrer (URL, host, query string attribute), Current URL, Query String Attribute
Google Analytics / UTM
Related attributes include Source, Medium, Term, Content, Campaign
JS Condition
Cookie Value
Meta Tags
IP Address
Plus lookups for Domain Controller Company, and an estimation of Home/Business
New vs. Returning
Geolocation
Related attributes include Continent, Country Code, Country Name, City, Region, Area Code, Postal Code, Longitude, Latitude
Third Party Audiences
Uploaded Audiences
You can import data into our Visitor Profile Tables, and use these as the basis for targeting
Optimize Data Layer
Pass any attributes into Optimize via. our Data Layer, and target them for Locations or Segments
Behavioural Targeting
Capture browsing behaviour in real-time, and use this as the basis for entering an experience. This can include most actions on a page, including areas visited (e.g. Sale pages), categories browsed, favourite categories, price ranges interacted with, brands interest shown in, travel routes searched, etc.
Third-Party Integrations
Getting data into Optimize from 3rd-party platforms, and into 3rd-party platform from Optimize.
Google Analytics
Send data from Optimize into Google Analytics, to understand how your experiment compares against metrics we may not have access to in Optimize.
Adobe Analytics
Bi-directional support for Adobe Analytics. Send data from Optimize into Adobe Analytics, to understand how your experiment compares against metrics we may not have access to in Optimize. Also, import segments from Adobe Analytics into Optimize, to run experiments or personalise the customer experience.
Hotjar
Bi-directional support for Hotjar. Send data from Optimize into Hotjar, to see recordings of users who've fallen into our tests. Also, activate Hotjar's triggers from within an Optimize test or target, and Test, Personalise and Measure who sees what.
Sessioncam
Send data from Optimize into Sessioncam, to view recordings and find frustration points for people who've seen your experiment.
FullStory
Send a comprehensive data set from Optimize into FullStory, including experiment entry and user IDs, to view recordings and find frustration points for people who've seen your experiment. Also, find recording URLs in Optimize, and launch these directly from our UI.
Contentsquare
Send data from Optimize into Contentsquare for futher exploration.
Mouseflow
Send data from Optimize into Mouseflow for futher exploration.
Slack
Schedule test results to be sent to Slack, so you know when you pay attention and when to focus on other things.
Reporting on your test
We offer a comprehensive range of reporting, allowing you to understand what happened, when, and what to do next.
Performance
A detailed view at performance is available, including views and conversions tracked per experiment, lift, chance to beat control and a calculation of signficance.
Traffic
Daily breakdowns and visualisation of traffic that reaches your test.
Conversion Rate Stabilisation
A visualisation of conversion rate over time, showing how long variations are outperforming the control and helping to depict when variations are nearing "significance".
MVTs - Predicted Optimal
View and explore the best performing combination of all the content you've run in your MVT. Understand the impact both at a granular level, and overall
MVTs - Factor Influence
We typically run MVTs because we're not sure which Factor drives the biggest change in conversion. Factor influence tells you exactly this, in an easy-to-understand bar graph.
Non-binomial Metrics (AOV, UPT etc.)
Comprehensive reporting including Mean, Median, Avg. revenue per visitor, Chance to beat control, Significance, etc.
Access to your data
We make it very easy to give you access to your raw data, allowing you to validate results against your own statistical models.
Export Raw Event Data
You can export and download raw, log-level data from Optimize to CSV format, directly from our UI.
Long data retention period
We hold onto your data for 12 months by default, ensuring that you can look back at old tests and get the same rich detail as if you'd just run them.
Extract Enrichment Data
Not only do you get access to your raw data, but you can also view the enriched data that we supply. This again allows you to confirm, verify and analyse everything that we do for you, wherever you're most comfortable doing it.
Additional Support & Security
Our market-leading support model ensures you get genuine throughput, whilst being supported with all of the documentation, contact and training you need to be successful.
Audit Trail
Get a historical view of what's happening in your account, when it happened, who triggered the action, the state before and after, etc. Comprehensive traceability and transparency.
PCI Compliancy
Agency Model Support
You can access multiple accounts from a single login, and also combine all of your accounts into a single license.
Online help documentation
Help articles, how-tos and training videos can all be found online.
Online ticket support
We invite you into our JIRA instance, allowing you to log tickets with the team and keep track on their status.
Dedicated support analyst
All clients get a dedicated point of contact, who they can reach by phone or email if they need any support.
Live chat
Slack invites are available for customers, allowing live-chat support.
Allowances
We have an open, unrestricted platform, allowing every single customer unlimited access to build what you'd like.
Unlimited Accounts/Projects
No restriction to how you choose to organise the digital properties you choose to experiment or personalise in.
Unlimited Experiments and Targets
No restrictions to how many tests or targets you build, test, put live, or serve as Optimals through our platform.
Unlimited Users
Invite as many people from your company into the platform as you like - the more the merrier!
Unlimited Sub-domains
No restriction to which sub-site, micro-site or section you decide to want to experiment or personalise in.
No data sampling
Unlike some of the other platforms on the market, we don't sample our data. That means your results are a genuine representation of your users' activity, making them statistically robust.
Get in touch
If you’ve made it this far, you should really get in touch. Click below to send us a message or call us on
0333 444 5502.
Send message
Solutions
Website Optimisation
Market-leading Platform
Detailed Feature List
Flexible Services & Support
Simple Pricing
Worldwide Partnerships
Key Tools
A/B Testing
Multivariate Testing
Server-side Testing
Personalisation
Social Proof
Product Recommendations
Other Stuff
About Us
Careers
Contact Us
Case Studies
Blog
Glossary
SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE AGREEMENT
|
WEBSITE TERMS & CONDITIONS
|
PRIVACY & GDPR
|
COOKIES
© 2025 Copyright Accelerate Group Ltd t/a Webtrends Optimize
All rights reserved. Lawrence House, 45 High Street, Egham, TW20 9DP
