# https://posthog.com/handbook/who-we-build-for
Who we build for - Handbook - PostHog
Products
Pricing
Docs
Community
Company
More
Get started – free
Home
Self-driving product
Context warehouse
Pricing
Docs
Demo
Talk to a human
About us
Changelog
Company handbook
Store
Careers
Trash
Home
Self-driving product
Context warehouse
Pricing
Docs
Demo
Talk to a human
About us
Changelog
Company handbook
Store
Careers
Trash
The Book of PostHog
Table of contents
Chapters
1. Why does PostHog exist?
2. How we got here
3. How we get users
4. Who we are building for
5. How we make users happy
6. How we make money
7. Enduringly low prices
8. Deciding which products to build
9. A wide company with small teams
10. How we're building a world-class team
11. What we value
12. Providing a world-class engineering environment
13. Not running out of money
14. Where are we going?
15. How you can help
Working here
How we work
Tools & processes
People ops
Pay & perks
Hiring
Resources
Blitzscale
Brand
Content
Engineering
Growth
Marketing
People & Ops
Product
RevOps
Sales, CS & Onboarding
Support
Website
Wizard & Docs
Copy page
Who we build for
Contents
Our current ICP
Our current Persona
We define who we build for as ICP, i.e. the team, and the persona, i.e. the actual people using PostHog.
Our current ICP
AKA our
ideal customer profile
.
We build for the people building products in
AI-pilled software teams at any scale
.
We want to be the first tool that technical founders go to when they start building their product.
AI-pilled software teams
Description
Ambitious (i.e., they want to grow a lot) software teams that are either just getting started or already have product-market fit and are quickly scaling up with new customers, hiring, and adding more revenue. They believe in an AI-first approach to building and are already familiar with the standard AI tools.
Criteria
- They have 1 to 500 potential PostHog users, but the company itself could be anything from one employee to thousands
- Has lots of revenue or aims to raise or has raised from leading investors
- Not hobbyists or cost-conscious bootstrappers, basically
Why they matter?
- We believe AI-pilled companies will outperform non-AI-pilled companies
- We're able to efficiently monetize them
- Very quick sales cycle
- They act as key opinion leaders for earlier-stage startups and slower-moving companies
- They have strong opinions on what they need, which helps us build a better product
Examples
PostHog any time from during YC to IPO, Supabase, ElevenLabs
Our current Persona
Persona is the job title or role of the person actually using a product in PostHog.
PostHog's initial adoption inside an ICP should come from an
engineering
persona most of the time, simply because engineers exist first in startups. This persona can include technical founders. The more we appeal to engineers at the earliest stages of their startup's life, the more overall growth we will have.
We should in general go
very
hard on making sure we have excellent coverage of any needs an engineer has in trying to build a product first.
Once we're in with engineering, we spread to multiple personas. AI tools have led to the emergence of non-engineer builders inside software teams. These are product, support, or marketing people who have realized they
can
now code. They are unlikely to ever be as technical as an engineer, but the tools and problems they can tackle now overlap. Some light touch work can dramatically improve PostHog's usefulness for these other teams and we should be willing to do that when its obvious. For example, PostHog AI is used by 25% engineers, 25% founders (often technical), and 50% across other roles. An anti-goal is to completely ignore the 50% of other roles.
The anti persona: we are unlikely to build products for people furthest from product, such as those in finance, ops, or recruitment. There simply is much less need for customer data in those teams, we don't have any natural advantage here.
Was this page useful?
Helpful
Could be better
Jump to:
Our current ICP
Our current Persona
