# https://www.growthbook.io/blog
The Uplift - Modern Product Development Blog | GrowthBook
Live Group Demo | Led by a GrowthBook technical expert →
Choose Your Date
Products
Product
Experimentation
Feature Flags
Product Analytics
Platform
Warehouse Native
Deployment Options
Integrations
AI-Native Development
Security & Compliance
MCP Server
SDKs
AI Visual Editor
New
Explore
GrowthBook 5.0: Build, ship, and improve at scale
Solutions
By Role
Engineering
Product Teams
Data Teams
Growth Teams
By Industry
Fintech
Healthtech
Edtech
AI Software
Explore
Dropbox uses GrowthBook to safely drive AI product development
Resources
Resources
Blog
Podcast
Customer Stories
Guides
Events
Product Releases
Compare
Why GrowthBook
GrowthBook vs Others
ROI Calculator
Ecosystem
Community
Explore
Why migrate from Statsig to GrowthBook
Pricing
Docs
Sign In
Book a Demo
Start for Free
-
Sign In
Book a Demo
Start for Free
The Uplift Blog
Subscribe
Releases
5.0
Featured
GrowthBook 5.0: Build, ship, and improve at scale
Agents in your workflow, analytics on your warehouse, and experimentation for your whole team
Jeremy Dorn
Jul 20, 2026
x
min read
GrowthBook 5.0
ships today
It’s not enough to write code and ship at the speed of AI. Companies that win consistently make their products better. GrowthBook 5.0 enables companies to build, ship, and improve their product at any scale.
Our last major release (v4) shipped a year ago. Since then, we’ve rewritten feature flags from scratch, built Product Analytics, made experimentation significantly faster, and integrated AI throughout.
GrowthBook 5.0 crystallizes the last year of work, and it’s big enough that a minor version number just wouldn’t do. We've touched nearly every corner of the platform, from how experiments are built to how flags are governed. And we’ve opened experimentation to your whole team, not just engineers. More people can ship flags, run tests, and make decisions from shared data, wherever they work: in the app, terminal, code editor, or browser.
There’s far more to cover than we can fit into one post, so we’re covering something new every day, all week:
Monday:
Agents
.
Official skills, a new in-app assistant, and a CLI that covers our entire API. Your agents can operate GrowthBook directly: ship flags, launch experiments, analyze results, and clean up after.
Tuesday:
The new AI Visual Editor
.
Rebuilt from scratch, AI-native experimentation from your browser, with image generation and Figma support. Your growth team can ship tests without waiting on an engineer.
Wednesday:
Product Analytics hits GA
.
Warehouse-native product analytics for engineers and experimenters, out of beta. Built on the same metrics your experiments already use, now with funnels, composable dashboards, and experiment meta-analysis.
‍
Thursday:
Governance for feature flags
.
Customizable guardrails that catch bad flags before they ship, protecting rollouts whether they come from humans or AI agents.
‍
Friday:
Faster experiments
.
Streamlined experiment setup, scheduled starts, and faster, cheaper warehouse queries. Designed for running experiments at scale.
GrowthBook 5.0 is live on Cloud now and
available
for self-hosted deployments. Check out the full release notes.
Sign up and join us for a live
Office Hours
on Thursday, July 30, at 9am PT. Bring your questions and tell us what we should build next.
Filter results
All Topics...
Experiments
Feature Flags
Analytics
AI
Platform
Data Science
The Edge Podcast
Guides
Releases
Product Updates
All Releases...
5.0
4.4
4.3
4.2
4.1
4.0
3.6
3.5
3.4
3.3
3.2
3.1
3.0
2.9
2.8
2.7
2.6
2.5
2.4
2.3
2.2
2.1
2.0
1.9
1.8
1.7
1.6
1.5
1.4
1.3
1.2
1.1
1.0
0.8
Featured
Clear Filters
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Data Science
Experiments
Bad controls: why splitting your experiment on a post-treatment variable backfires
August 31, 2026
Topics
Data Science
Experiments
Release
Data Science
Experiments
Featured
true
Body
You ran a solid experiment. Good sample size, clean randomization. The overall effect is clearly positive, and you're ready to write it up.
Then you break it down by the new customer segmentation, and something is off. Every segment sits well below the overall number. Not one or two. All of them. How can the whole be bigger than every single one of its parts? Is this the famous Simpson's paradox?
Or maybe you toggled variance reduction on and off and the estimate moved a lot. Either way, you may have walked into one of the worst traps there is: splitting or adjusting your sample on a variable that is itself an outcome. The tell is that it is defined
after
users entered the experiment, which means the treatment could have moved it. This post is about how that happens, how it poisons your estimate, and the one simple rule that keeps you out of it.
Where bad controls sneak into experiments
Three analysis errors do this, and we will work through each below.
The first is
splitting by a segment
, the everyday analysis of who the feature helped (there is a whole piece on
segment analysis without fooling yourself
that guides you past other traps). You break the results down by a dimension computed over the experiment window, like a revenue tier or an engagement segment. It looks like a fair comparison, but the feature itself pushed users between tiers.
The second is
conditioning on a funnel step
. You restrict to the people who reached it, or you divide by them, and either way the group you compare across is one the treatment helped select.
The third is
variance reduction
. You tighten your estimate by adjusting for a covariate, except the covariate was measured during the experiment instead of before it, so adjusting for it strips out part of the very effect you are trying to measure.
All three share a red flag. The variable got its value after users were assigned, so the treatment had a chance to change it. That is what makes it a
bad control
.
What is a bad control?
A bad control is a variable you split on, adjust for, or filter on that the treatment affected. Anything that is measured after the experiment starts risks biasing your results.
Why does every segment look worse?
Let's imagine a reading app that ships a new recommendation feature. It increases reading by two extra articles for every user, on top of a base of about ten articles a month. The effect is identical in every segment, so there is no real heterogeneity for a breakdown to find.
You run the experiment for 30 days and collect the data. You want to know
who the feature helped most
, so you split the results by engagement. There is no ready-made segment for it. So you reuse the definition from the dashboards. The Engagement segment is based on days active in the last 30 days, cut into four tiers from At-risk up to Power. It is a different quantity from the metric you are measuring, which is what makes it feel safe.
You run the split, and the tiers come back with effects at 1.8, 1.4, 1.4 and 1.1 articles. Every one of them sits below the overall estimate of 1.95, and the gap widens as engagement rises. It reads like a real finding: the feature helps your at-risk readers most and does little for power users. Might be worth targeting. How did that happen?
The error is hiding in the segment definition. "The last 30 days" counts backward from the day you run the analysis. That is exactly the experiment window. Better recommendations bring people back a little more often, so the feature moved some users up a tier. You sorted people on something the feature had already changed, then measured the effect inside the resulting groups.
The data here is simulated, so we know the true answer. That also lets us run the split correctly. Set the tiers using the 30 days before the experiment started, so the groupings cannot depend on the feature. Now every tier returns an estimate close to two articles. Not exactly two, because assignment is random and each tier holds a limited number of users, but every confidence interval covers the true effect. The targeting story disappears with it. Same data, same experiment. The only thing that changed was the timing of the segmenting variable.
Figure 1: The same simulated experiment, split two ways. Tiers fixed before the experiment (purple) recover the true effect. Tiers recomputed from days active during the experiment (blue) fall short in every tier, and fall furthest for the most engaged.
The arithmetic looks like Simpson's paradox, and the diagnosis is the opposite. In Simpson's the subgroups are real and conditioning on them is what repairs the picture. Here the subgroups are the damage, because the treatment helped define them. The overall number is the trustworthy one, and the breakdown is what introduces the bias.
When you group by engagement measured during the experiment, you are grouping by something the treatment itself moved. It does not have to be your intended goal metric. It can be any variable the feature affected, perhaps unintentionally. The treated users in a tier got there partly because the feature pushed them up, so you compare them against control users with a higher baseline intent. You silently get the treatment effect plus a bias term.
What the within-tier split actually estimates when defined post-treatment
‍
Inside a tier you do not get the effect for that tier. You get the effect for the users who would have been there anyway, plus a selection gap: the difference in articles read under treatment between the users you actually observe in the tier and the users who would have been there without the feature. The feature reshuffles who ends up where, so those two groups are not the same people. The gap is zero only when the treatment doesn't move the tier, which is exactly what a pre-experiment definition buys you.
The reshuffle runs both ways, which is easy to miss. Every tier except the lowest gains users the feature pushed up. Every tier except the highest loses users the feature pushed out. At-risk gains nobody at all, so its bias comes purely from departures: the users most able to climb out do, and the treated group left behind is less active on average than the control group it gets compared with. The notation in the next section covers both cases without comment, because X(1) and X(0) differ whichever direction someone moved.
Why you end up comparing different people
Before talking about the two other failure modes, it is worth seeing why this happens in general, and where that bias term comes from.
Randomization buys you one thing: on average, the treatment and control groups are comparable on everything apart from the treatment feature. Write each user's potential outcomes as Y(0) and Y(1), the result you would see without and with the feature. If that notation is new, the
guide to treatment effects
walks through it. A clean experiment compares the average Y(1) among the treated against the average Y(0) among the control, and because the groups are otherwise alike, the difference is the real effect.
Segment analysis is to estimate conditional average treatment effects (CATEs). It is the effect inside each subgroup rather than across everyone. Take a characteristic X, like the engagement tier. The CATE at X = x is the average of Y(1) − Y(0) among the users in a given tier, x.
This is well defined when the treatment cannot move X. Usually that means fixing it before launch, but a variable recorded later is fine too, as long as the feature could not have touched it. The users with X = x are the same set whether or not they were treated. Within them you compare Y(1) against Y(0), and the difference is the CATE you were after.
It breaks when the treatment can move X, which is what typically happens when the tier is recomputed from activity during the experiment. Now each user has two versions of it, X(0) without the feature and X(1) with it. The treated users you see at X = x are the ones with X(1) = x. The control users you see there are the ones with X(0) = x. So the comparison you run is
E[Y(1) | X(1) = x] − E[Y(0) | X(0) = x]
A real effect would hold the group fixed across both terms. This one conditions on X(1) = x on the left and X(0) = x on the right. Those are different groups of people, so the difference in Y is meaningless.¹
How big is the error? The bias is
E[Y(1) | X(1) = x] − E[Y(1) | X(0) = x]
the reading gap between two sets of treated users. One set is the users the feature lifted into the tier, with X(1) = x. The other is the users who would have been under control, with X(0) = x. The first set arrived from a lower baseline, so even treated they read less than the already-heavy readers. That gap is selection, not a treatment effect. Define the tiers with pre-experiment data so X(1) = X(0), and the bias is zero. More notation details in the appendix.
This is a known failure mode called
post-treatment bias
, and it is not bounded by the size of the real effect. It can exceed it and flip the sign.² It is also common, well documented in research. A review of published experiments in political science found that nearly half had conditioned on a variable measured after treatment.³ If it slips past peer review that often, it slips into a rushed product readout even more easily. I've seen it many times.
What about funnel steps and conversion rates?
Back to the failure modes now. There is a second way in, and it may be the most common of all. Say the reading app tracks a funnel: saw the recommendations carousel, opened something from it, finished the article.
The direct version is the one we just derived. Someone proposes cutting the analysis down to users who opened something from the carousel, to buy back some power. Most people scroll straight past it whatever is in it, so dropping them looks like dropping noise, and the estimate should tighten.
But that is a bold bet on how the feature works. Better recommendations can make the people already browsing the carousel open something more relevant, which leaves the set of openers untouched. They can also make someone who would have scrolled past stop and open something instead, which does not.⁴ A recommendation feature is usually built to do both. You would be assuming half the effect away in order to measure the other half. The openers left in the treatment arm are partly the ones the feature pulled in, and they have no counterpart on the control side. It is the segment split again, with a filter instead of a tier.
You might do the same thing in a subtler way, simply because that's how some important metrics are defined. A funnel conversion rate divides each step by the step before it. Of the people who opened something, what share finished it? Nobody was dropped and both arms are whole, so it feels safe. But when finishing implies opening, finishes divided by opens is exactly the finish rate among openers. It is the same quantity the filter gave you, reached by a different route. The denominator does the conditioning for you.
E-commerce teams meet this constantly, because almost every rate they care about has a moving denominator. Click-through rate divides by impressions. Conversion rate divides by sessions. Any feature that changes how often people show up, or how many of them reach the step before, moves the denominator. This changes the ratio but not necessarily the final step, which is the one you actually care about.
The fix is not a pre-experiment version of the step, because there isn't one. It is to put the randomized group in the denominator. Finishes per assigned user, purchases per assigned user. That is what
funnel metrics
in GrowthBook do, measuring every step against everyone who was exposed, and why they deliberately do not hand you the step-to-step rate as a decision metric with a confidence interval.
Can variance reduction backfire?
Splitting and dividing are the visible ways in. Adjustment is the quiet one. Most variance reduction methods, whether
CUPED
, post-stratification, or plain regression with covariates, work by feeding in a variable that predicts the outcome. The PE in CUPED is for Pre-Experiment, so standard CUPED is by definition safe. But the hunger for power has made it common for tools to offer more extensive variance reduction, by including more covariates that predict the outcome. Post-stratification is one approach.
Take retention as the outcome, whether a subscriber renews next month. The experiment runs on existing subscribers only, everyone who was already paying when it started. Standard CUPED would adjust using last month's retention, the same metric one period back. But that is one for every user in the sample. If it were zero they would have churned and never entered. So the covariate is constant, and there is nothing to adjust with. You grasp for another variable that predicts next month's retention. Reading volume seems like a natural one. Heavy readers renew more often, so reading predicts retention. But the feature raises reading too. Adjust on the during-experiment count and you subtract a difference the feature created, not one that was there to begin with.
But reading volume comes in two snapshots, and the choice matters. Reading from before the experiment is clean. Reading during the experiment is not, because the feature itself raised it. Adjust on that during-experiment number and the estimate collapses, from around four percentage points on retention to roughly zero.
Figure 2: Reducing variance on retention. A pre-experiment covariate (purple) tightens the estimate around the truth. The same signal measured during the experiment (blue) drags it to zero and slightly past.
An imbalanced sample would produce the same gap, but then the adjustment would be repairing the estimate rather than wrecking it, and the pre-exposure balance check would have said so. When balance passes and the estimate still moves this much, suspect the timing of the covariate.
How do you avoid bad controls?
The rule is simple. Check the definition of every variable you split or adjust on, and ask when it was measured. If any part of its window falls after the experiment started, it's a hazard. Condition on pre-experiment data only.
One check is the SRM inside each segment, which GrowthBook runs on the experiment
health page
. It helps, but it's not bullet proof. In our simulation it fires for the top and bottom tiers but not for the two in the middle. An
SRM test
spots the net count across a boundary, while the bias comes from who crossed rather than how many.
The most relevant check is pre-exposure balance inside each segment. Randomization guarantees the groups are comparable on anything measured before assignment, so a gap inside a segment could be because you let the segmentation use post-assignment data.
The reading example is fairly simple, as the example segmentation is based only on one metric only that you would think twice about after reading this. But often segmentation is more complex, where a model determines the segments based on many different input variables. In such cases it is easy to think of segments as stable over time, when in fact they depend a lot on recent user activity. Make sure to fetch the segment assignment from
before
the user entered the experiment.
A striking result in a single segment should raise suspicion. Before you build a story on it, check the timing of the variable underneath. You ran a clean experiment. Keep it clean by splitting and adjusting only on what was already known before it started.
Appendix
The simulated experiment in numbers
Here is that simulated experiment tier by tier, with the users in each arm and their average articles read over the window. The overall estimate across all 20,000 users is +1.95, very close to the simulated +2. The setup details of the simulation are at the bottom of the appendix.
Tiers defined before the experiment
Tier
Treated
Control
Treated mean
Control mean
Estimate
At-risk
2,164
2,136
4.74
2.75
+1.98
Casual
2,334
2,335
7.67
5.65
+2.03
Regular
2,704
2,675
11.44
9.52
+1.92
Power
2,816
2,836
21.01
18.97
+2.03
Tiers recomputed from days active during the experiment
Tier
Treated
Control
Treated mean
Control mean
Estimate
At-risk
1,775
2,111
4.62
2.85
+1.77
Casual
2,190
2,280
7.03
5.61
+1.42
Regular
2,853
2,732
10.70
9.33
+1.37
Power
3,200
2,859
20.05
18.91
+1.13
First, look at the counts. With pre-experiment tiers the two arms are balanced inside every tier, which is what randomization should give you. With experiment-period tiers they are not. At-risk holds 1,775 treated against 2,111 control, and Power holds 3,200 against 2,859. The feature brought people back a little more often, which pushed treated users upward through the tiers.
Tier switching in itself is not the problem. Nearly 40% of users switch tiers across the time periods, resembling normal segment behavior when based on recent activity. What breaks the analysis is that the switching has a direction correlated with the treatment. Net upward moves run +1,131 in the treated arm against +111 in control. That is the kind of imbalance a per-segment sample ratio check is meant to catch, though as the main text notes it doesn't necessarily in every segment.
Take the Power tier, for example, where the estimate came back at +1.13 instead of +2. The treated users counted there are of two types.
Treated user types in Power
Count
Mean days active before
Mean articles during
Pushed to Power by the feature
318
13.2
14.15
Power-anyway
2,882
19.8
20.70
The first type entered the segment only because of the treatment. These users had on average been less active in the pre-experiment period. They got pushed over the tier boundary, and they are also less active during the experiment than the Power-anyway users who would have been there even without the treatment. Pooling both groups drags the treated Power average down compared to the Power-anyway type.
The other tiers behave similarly but also have the highest-propensity users in each tier pushed up to the next tier.
Where the bias comes from
First, the notation. Let D be the assignment, with D = 1 for treated and D = 0 for control. Each user has potential outcomes Y(0) and Y(1), and potential tiers X(0) and X(1). We observe Y = Y(D) and X = X(D), and random assignment makes D independent of all four.
We compute the within-tier estimate at tier x, the treated mean minus the control mean among the users observed there. By randomization, conditioning on the observed tier is the same as conditioning on the potential tier in each group, so
Δ(x) = E[Y(1) | X(1) = x] − E[Y(0) | X(0) = x]
A real conditional effect compares Y(1) and Y(0) within one fixed group. This compares them across two. The treated term conditions on X(1) = x, the control term on X(0) = x. The only way those are the same type of people is if the treatment leaves the tier memberships alone, X(1) = X(0). The real requirement is to condition on a tier the treatment did not set, and a pre-experiment tier meets it by construction. It is the same idea as principal stratification, where the legitimate conditioning is on a treatment-independent quantity.
To size the gap when X(1) ≠ X(0), add and subtract the treated mean on the control stratum, E[Y(1) | X(0) = x].
Δ(x) = ( E[Y(1) | X(0) = x] − E[Y(0) | X(0) = x] ) + ( E[Y(1) | X(1) = x] − E[Y(1) | X(0) = x] )
The first bracket is the ATE for that group, the actual effect among the users who would have been in tier x without the feature. The second is the selection gap from the main text. When X(1) = X(0) it is zero, and the estimate is exactly that ATE. Otherwise it is the difference in treated outcome between the users the feature moves into tier x and the ones who would have been there anyway.
How the simulation works
Here is the setup behind the simulation. The exact constants are in the script.
I generate 20,000 users. Each has a baseline reading count, the articles they read in the 30 days before launch, drawn from a right-skewed negative binomial. The mean is 9.8 articles with a standard deviation of 7.6, the median is 8, and the 90th percentile is 20. That spread is the point: a realistic engagement distribution has a mass of near-dormant users and a long tail of heavy ones, which is what gives the tiers something to separate. Each also has a habitual visit propensity that rises with that reading count, with normal noise of 0.05 on top. Days active is a binomial draw over 30 days at that propensity, averaging about eleven. I sort users into four engagement tiers by the quartiles of days active in that pre-experiment window, from At-risk up to Power. The cut points are set once and never change, the way a real segmentation would be. What moves later is which side of them a user falls on.
I simulate the potential outcomes directly. Y(0) is what a user reads over the experiment window with no feature, a Poisson draw whose mean is that user's own pre-experiment article count. Y(1) is Y(0) + 2, for every user, with no variation. I assign treatment at random to 50%, and observe whichever of the two applies.
The feature also makes people come back slightly more often, enough to add about 0.8 days on a base of eleven. That is deliberately modest next to the 20% effect on reading, because most of the extra reading is more articles per visit rather than more visits. Days active during the experiment is a second binomial draw at the raised propensity, plus month-to-month drift with a standard deviation of 0.04, same for both treatment groups. The biased results in Figure 1 come from re-sorting users into the same four quartile cut points using this experiment-period day count.
About 40% of users end up in a different tier than they started in. Most of that is drift and affects both arms equally. The part that matters is the direction: net upward moves run +1,131 among the treated against +111 among control. Driven by the treatment effect on days active.
Figure 1 reports the within-tier effect on articles read, once for tiers fixed before the experiment and once for tiers recomputed during it. The true effect is two articles in every tier, as simulated.
Figure 2 uses a second outcome, retention. Every user in the experiment is already a subscriber, so pre-period retention is one for everyone. That makes it a covariate with no variance and no use for variance reduction. The natural fallback is reading volume. I model retention as a logistic function of pre-period reading and treatment, tuned to about a four percentage point effect. Then I reduce variance two ways, with CUPED and with post-stratification. Each time I use either the pre-experiment reading count, which is safe, or the experiment-period count, which is the bad-control case. The safe version tightens the estimate around the truth. The bad control drags both downwards. The strata for the post-stratification run are quartiles of that same reading count, so the two methods condition on the same variable, one continuously and one in four bins.
¹ Conditioning on the joint pair {X(0), X(1)} rather than the observed X does define a valid effect, the idea behind principal stratification (Frangakis and Rubin, 2002). The subgroups are latent, though, so they are hard to use in practice.
² Two formal treatments of bad controls. Wooldridge, "A Formal Investigation of 'Bad' Controls" (SSRN working paper 4688295), works in potential outcomes. Cinelli, Forney, and Pearl, "A Crash Course in Good and Bad Controls,"
Sociological Methods & Research
53, no. 3 (2024): 1071–1104, give the causal-diagram (collider) version.
³ Montgomery, Nyhan, and Torres, "How Conditioning on Posttreatment Variables Can Ruin Your Experiment and What to Do about It,"
American Journal of Political Science
62, no. 3 (2018): 760–775. They found 46.7% of the studies they reviewed, 35 of 75, conditioned on a post-treatment variable.
⁴ Economists call these the extensive and intensive margins: whether someone acts at all, versus how much or how well they act if they act at all. The filter here is safe against movement on the intensive margin and broken by movement on the extensive one.
Data Science
Experiments
Segment analysis in experimentation: how to avoid fooling yourself
August 28, 2026
Topics
Data Science
Experiments
Release
Data Science
Experiments
Featured
true
Body
Dimension splits can surface what your Average Treatment Effect hides, or fool you with noise. How to avoid cherry-picking your results, correct for multiple tests, and steer clear of bad controls.
Why your experiment results look different across segments
Your experiment's
Average Treatment Effect (ATE) is just that, an average
. As we wrote in the previous piece, behind a flat or modest headline result, users can be having very different experiences. Real gains for some, real losses for others, with the effects canceling out in aggregate. How do you actually find those differences, and how do you know when you've found something real?
The answer, in most experiments, is
dimension splits
: cutting your results by user properties like market, device, plan tier, or account age. It's a natural instinct and a reasonable one. The problem is that the same dataset that contains real signals also contains noise, and noise has a habit of looking like signal when you cut the data enough ways.
That doesn't mean you shouldn't do it. There are three good reasons to look at segment-level effects:
Understanding the mechanism.
Why did this feature work, and for whom?
Informing a rollout decision.
Should this go to everyone, or only to certain users?
Assessing commercial value when short-term metrics fall short.
Some features matter most to your most valuable users, and a single headline number won't show you that.
To make these questions concrete, we'll use a running example throughout: an upsell banner prompting users to join a paid loyalty program.
Whatever your reason for splitting, what you're estimating in each segment is its own
Conditional Average Treatment Effect (CATE)
: the treatment effect for users in that subgroup rather than for the full population. And one caveat applies no matter how you slice: segment samples are smaller than the full experiment population, so estimates are noisier and you have less power to detect an effect of a given size.
This piece covers three ways those splits can mislead you. Each calls for a different response.
When you split
What can mislead you
What to do about it
Before the experiment (pre-specified)
Multiple testing: run enough segments and one looks significant by chance
Pre-specify with hypotheses, and match the correction to the decision
After the experiment (exploratory)
Open-ended fishing; you don't even count how many tests you ran
Explore honestly, rank rather than confirm, then replicate
Before or after
Bad controls: the treatment moved the segment variable itself
Split only on pre-treatment variables
Before the experiment: pre-specify your segments
The most defensible approach to segment analysis starts before the experiment runs. You identify the dimensions you want to examine and write down the hypothesis behind each. For the loyalty program upsell banner example, at least two dimensions make sense: recent buyers (those who made at least one purchase in the 30 days before launch), who may respond more strongly because they are already more loyal; and market, because the loyalty program is more developed in some countries. We pre-specify these dimensions because we have clear hypotheses.
Why write the hypothesis down?
Pre-specifying protects against a specific failure mode:
cherry-picking
. When you choose which dimensions to examine after seeing the results, it's easy, even unintentionally, to frame a fishing expedition as a deliberate analysis. You report back the dimensions with interesting results, but quietly discard the ones without. Writing down your dimensions and hypotheses before the experiment starts makes that impossible: everyone can see you made the choice before the results could influence you.
Pre-specifying doesn't solve everything, though. Pre-specify 20 markets and you'd expect roughly one to come up significantly by chance, even if the feature does nothing anywhere. That's the multiple testing problem, and pre-specifying only means you're facing it honestly.
Which correction fits the decision?
When the goal is a per-segment rollout decision rather than understanding the mechanism, the stakes change. You're making an independent call for each segment: does this market get the feature, or not? A wrong call ships a feature to users it doesn't help.
The obvious fix is to raise the bar. Instead of calling a result significant at 5%, demand 1%. That instinct is right, and it's essentially what a multiple testing correction does. The difference is that a correction sets the bar for you, based on how many segments you tested and which kind of mistake you're trying to avoid. Set it by hand and you're guessing. Too loose and you roll out to segments that were noise. Too strict and you miss the segments where it worked, which is a real risk when each segment is a fraction of your sample.
So the question isn't whether to correct, it's which correction matches the decision you're making. The table below summarizes the two standard approaches. Both are frequentist, framed around p-values.
GrowthBook's Bayesian engine
has a direct counterpart for each, which we note as we go.
Correction
What it controls
Method (both in GrowthBook)
The question it asks
FWER (Family-Wise Error Rate)
The probability of even one false positive across all your tests
Holm-Bonferroni
Could any single one of my results be wrong?
FDR (False Discovery Rate)
The proportion of your significant results that are false positives
Benjamini-Hochberg
What share of the markets I'm rolling out to are actually noise?
For per-segment rollout decisions, FDR is probably more natural. When you're making independent calls for potentially many segments, a small proportion of incorrect rollouts is an acceptable cost as long as most are right. The principle generalizes: match the correction to the decision rather than applying one uniformly.
The Bayesian equivalent
The same decision carries over to GrowthBook's Bayesian engine without any p-values. Each segment reports a
Chance to Win
, the posterior probability that the variation beats control. The posterior probability that a given rollout is a mistake is therefore 1 − Chance to Win. Rank the segments by Chance to Win and roll out down the list until the running average of (1 − Chance to Win) reaches the false discovery rate you're willing to accept. That average is the expected share of your rollouts that aren't real. It is the same notion of error Benjamini-Hochberg targets, read off the posterior instead of from p-values.
One assumption underpins that number. If your prior is flat, you are treating every effect size as equally plausible before you look. Scan twenty segments on that assumption and the top of your list will look better than it deserves to. A prior centered at no effect corrects some of this, because it pulls the noisiest segments toward zero hardest. Exactly how hard to pull is an open debate.
In practice, very few experimentation platforms apply any correction to dimension splits at all; most treat them as exploratory by default.
GrowthBook applies correction
within each dimension breakdown when the metric is a primary metric. However, it corrects within each dimension separately, not across all dimensions at once. For FWER users that's something to bear in mind: each additional dimension you run adds more chances for a false positive to slip through. For FDR the concern is much more limited, since you're controlling a proportion rather than a count.
After the experiment: how should you explore post-hoc?
Once an experiment finishes and you see the main results, you instinctively want to start slicing. Maybe the overall effect was smaller than expected, or it moved in an unexpected direction, or you're just trying to understand who moved the number. That's a useful impulse. This section isn't an argument against exploratory analysis, it's about how to do it without fooling yourself.
Exploratory analysis is harder to keep honest, because the protection you had before is gone. Pre-specifying made cherry-picking impossible to hide. Post-hoc, you're slicing after the fact, which is, in all but name, a fishing expedition. Even though it might not feel like one. The multiple testing problem hasn't gone anywhere either, and now nobody's counting. With pre-specified markets you knew how many tests you were running. Post-hoc slicing is open-ended: you cut by device, then tenure, then market, and by the time you cut by purchase frequency you have forgotten about device.
How do you explore honestly?
What changes is the goal. You're generating hypotheses now, not confirming them, so the question is no longer whether a segment cleared a significance threshold, and formal corrections aren't the tool for that job. Read the unadjusted intervals directly: the point estimate is the candidate signal, its width is the noise around it, and you judge each segment by how far it stands out. In GrowthBook's Bayesian engine, rank by Chance to Win and read the list the same way. Then say it out loud, to yourself and your audience, that you're ranking candidates rather than confirming findings. Keep one caveat in mind: the more segments you scan, the more spurious front-runners appear at the top of the list. Thus, a strong result is a reason to run a confirmatory test, not a finding in itself.
Report every cut you ran
Be transparent about what you actually ran. Report how many cuts you made. "We sliced by five dimensions post-hoc and the recent buyer segment showed the strongest signal" gives anyone reading the analysis the context to calibrate. Omitting that information, even unintentionally, is how people mistake exploratory findings for confirmatory ones. A shared results interface helps, since what you ran is logged and visible to the whole team rather than only to whoever ran the analysis.
One thing should raise your confidence: convergence. When independent dimensions point to the same story, that should move you more than any correction can. Just watch for the temptation to grasp for whatever story fits the results in front of you.
Treat every post-hoc result as a hypothesis, not a finding.
Replicate. That's the bottom line for exploratory segment analysis. Design a follow-up experiment that tests the result properly: pre-specified, sized for that segment, with the appropriate correction if a rollout decision is on the table. If you're not willing to run the follow-up, you're not ready to act on the finding. A result that
survives replication
is something you can stand behind. What doesn't replicate remains a hypothesis.
Any segment: avoid bad controls
There's one mistake that ruins a segment analysis no matter how careful you were everywhere else: splitting on a variable that the treatment itself changed. It has nothing to do with how many tests you ran or whether you pre-specified them. If the treatment moves the dimension you're splitting on, the comparison is worthless before you start.
The loyalty program example makes this concrete. After the experiment ends, you want to know whether Top Customers responded differently to the upsell banner. Makes sense: these are the users whose behavior matters most commercially. So you define "Top Customers" as anyone who spent more than $200 over the 60 days before the analysis date. Well intended, but that window overlaps the experiment period. Some treatment-group users saw the banner, joined the loyalty program, and then bought more than they otherwise would have. The program's perks gave them a new reason to spend. Some of those users crossed the $200 threshold because of the program, not because of any prior purchasing pattern.
In the control group, Top Customers are established high spenders. In the treatment group, Top Customers now also include people the program pushed over the line during the experiment. So within the same segment label, you're comparing established high spenders against a mixed group that includes newly converted ones. Any CATE estimate for Top Customers from this comparison is biased: the two groups share a label but have different baseline intentions.
The fix is simple: segment only by pre-treatment variables. Any dimension that could plausibly have shifted in response to the treatment is off-limits, regardless of how natural it feels to look at. Top Customer status defined using spend from before the experiment started is fine. Defined using a window that overlaps the experiment period is not. With dimensions that change over time, this happens by accident. A join that picks up a user's current attribute value instead of the value at assignment time quietly reintroduces the problem.
Why post-treatment splits backfire
covers the full mechanics, with a simulated experiment where every segment comes back understated.
What good segment analysis looks like
Pre-specify when you can, and apply the right correction for what you're deciding. When you explore post-hoc, do it honestly: report what you ran, treat results as hypotheses, and replicate before acting. That covers the first two reasons for running dimension splits. The third is simpler.
Think back to the Top Customers segment, defined cleanly on spend from before launch. Those users' long-run value far exceeds what a normal experiment duration can show. A feature that concentrates its effect on them can be worth shipping even when the headline ATE looks modest. That's the third reason to split: not to act on each segment, but to see whether the case for shipping to everyone is stronger than the headline number suggests.
Post-hoc slicing is exactly the kind of analysis statisticians warn you against, and the concerns above are precisely why. But the cost of never looking is just as real. Some of the most important segment effects are ones nobody had a hypothesis for, and exploration is the only way to find them. There is a more systematic way to do this. Methods like causal forests search across many dimensions at once, looking for heterogeneous treatment effects without asking you to pre-specify where to look, which takes much of the cherry-picking problem off the table. That's a topic for its own piece.
One thing worth doing this week. Pick three experiments you've already called, ideally ones where the headline came out flat or ambiguous, and open them up in exploratory mode. Not to relitigate the decision, but to build a list of segment hypotheses worth following up on. Past experiments are the cheapest source of hypotheses you have.
As Hattori Hanzō would say: any fool can pick up a blade. Knowing where to cut is the craft.
Experiments
Unlock more learning with every experiment
August 27, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Release
Experiments
Featured
true
Body
Running an experiment gives you an answer to a question. Running thousands of experiments gives you a lot of answers, but also something much more valuable: a body of evidence about how your product, users, and business actually behave.
The problem is that this knowledge is surprisingly difficult to use in practice.
A PM working on onboarding might not know that another team tested a similar idea six months ago. An engineer building a new checkout flow might not know which patterns have consistently helped conversion on other parts of the product. Even when people remember that relevant experiments exist, reading through
dozens or hundreds of them
to find the important patterns is rarely practical.
Today, we are launching
Learnings in GrowthBook
to help solve this problem.
Learnings let teams capture what they have learned across experiments, user research, and other sources of evidence, then make that knowledge available to both people and AI agents when they are building something new.
Experiments produce more than winners
The most obvious output of an experiment is a decision. Those decisions create incremental gains, and over time those gains compound.
But there is another output from experimentation that is easier to overlook:
knowledge
. Every experiment produces it, including the
ones that lose
or move nothing at all.
You might learn that:
Showing pricing earlier in the funnel consistently improves qualified conversions.
Simplifying onboarding helps new users but hurts activation for experienced users.
Social proof matters on acquisition pages but has little effect inside the product.
Asking users to configure everything upfront creates friction, while progressive configuration performs better.
None of these conclusions necessarily come from a single experiment. They emerge after five, twenty, or a hundred experiments, once somebody notices the pattern.
This is where an
experimentation program
becomes more powerful than a sequence of isolated A/B tests: individual tests give you answers, but the program gives you a model of how your users behave. You are gradually identifying patterns and putting your learnings to work for future growth.
Learnings compound your experimentation program
If an experiment improves conversion by 2%, that improvement can continue generating value for as long as the change remains in the product (novelty effects aside). That’s real compounding, and it’s the return most programs measure.
But that win only compounds one thing: a metric. A learning acts on something different: the quality of the next decision.
Imagine your team learns through repeated experiments that users perform better when complex actions are introduced progressively rather than all at once. That insight might influence your next onboarding flow. Then your settings experience. Then a new AI feature. Then the way an agent designs a workflow six months later.
It
doesn’t stay with one team
either. An insight can travel to whoever picks your onboarding feature or settings work next. Your experimentation program can widen, since everyone starts from organizational knowledge.
The value is not limited to the experiment that produced the learning. It changes the starting point of future work. Instead of beginning every project from first principles, your team starts with a set of evidence-backed assumptions about what tends to work (and what doesn’t).
Learnings in GrowthBook
GrowthBook Learnings are designed to capture this organizational knowledge explicitly.
A learning can reference evidence from multiple experiments, rather than being tied to the result of a single test. That matters because many useful conclusions only become visible across a collection of experiments.
Every learning can cite the experiments that support it and the ones that don't, then be scoped to the projects and tags where the pattern actually held
You can use Learnings to document things like:
Patterns that repeatedly improve a metric
Approaches that consistently fail
Differences between user segments
Design principles supported by experimentation
Unexpected behaviors observed across multiple tests
Areas where the evidence is contradictory or uncertain
The same change isn’t universally applicable, though. Streamlining a flow can lift conversion in one part of your product and lower it in another, and the right amount of friction depends on what the user is trying to do. Learnings can be scoped to specific
projects or tags
, so that patterns that have been tested for your self-serve signup aren’t applied to your enterprise onboarding flow.
And learnings do not have to come exclusively from experiments either. You can capture qualitative findings from user research, customer interviews, support conversations, or other sources and combine them with quantitative evidence.
The goal is not to turn every observation into an immutable rule.
It is to give your organization a shared, evidence-backed memory. Each learning can be updated if new evidence comes in, and also have a specific status for when the learning is not verified yet, or if it’s no longer relevant. Statuses for learnings are entirely customizable. Once captured this way, that memory becomes something both people and AI agents can draw on, which raises the question of how much of it to hand an agent at once, and in what form.
The context window problem for organizations
There is a useful analogy to working with AI coding tools.
If you give an agent every line of code your company has ever written, you have technically given it more information. But you have not necessarily given it better context.
The useful question is:
what does the agent actually need to know to make this decision well?
Organizations have the same problem. After thousands of experiments, nobody should need to read thousands of experiment reports before starting a project. They need the relevant conclusions.
Learnings act as a compressed context layer over your experimentation history. The underlying experiments are still there as evidence, but people and agents can work from the higher-level patterns that those experiments have established.
For example:
Learning:
Users are more likely to complete complex setup flows when advanced configuration is deferred until after initial success.
Evidence:
Seven onboarding experiments across three product areas.
A PM planning a new onboarding experience can start with that knowledge instead of rediscovering it. An engineer can incorporate it while designing the implementation. The same applies to agents, even more strongly. An agent without access to your evidence will still produce a confident answer, but it will be generic and maybe an approach you’ve already disproved. Point your agents at your Learnings, and they start from what you already know.
Learnings are available through GrowthBook's
APIs
and
MCP
support, just like your experiments and other experimentation data. Through
GrowthBook Skills
, you can instruct agents to retrieve relevant Learnings before they design or implement something.
Instead of giving agents generic product-development best practices, you can give them exactly what they need to know to make this decision well: your company’s own compressed, decision-relevant knowledge, grounded in real outcomes and updated as new evidence comes in.
AI can help find the patterns humans miss
As experimentation programs grow, manually identifying patterns becomes harder if not impossible. A team running ten experiments a year can probably remember most of them. A company running thousands cannot. GrowthBook can use AI to analyze your experiment history and surface commonalities across results.
GrowthBook proposes candidate learnings from your experiment history, with the supporting evidence and a suggested next step attached. You decide which ones to keep.
Perhaps a certain type of messaging consistently works for new users but not existing customers. Maybe several unrelated experiments show that reducing perceived commitment improves activation. Maybe a UI pattern that teams keep proposing has actually failed in four different areas of the product.
These patterns are easy to miss when every experiment is analyzed independently.
AI makes it possible to search across a much larger body of evidence, while Learnings give teams a place to review, refine, and preserve the conclusions that matter.
Good experiment hygiene becomes even more valuable
There is an important prerequisite.
AI cannot infer very much from an experiment called "Homepage test 7" with no hypothesis, description, or conclusion.
The better your experiment documentation, the more useful your accumulated knowledge becomes.
This is one reason GrowthBook has increasingly invested in experiment quality and hygiene, including
checklists
and
workflows
that encourage teams to document the hypothesis, context, results, and conclusions of an experiment. Good documentation has always made individual experiments easier to understand.
With Learnings, it also makes the entire experimentation history more valuable. Every well-documented experiment becomes another piece of evidence that can contribute to future decisions.
From experimentation history to organizational memory
The long-term value of experimentation is not just making better decisions today. It is making every future decision from a stronger starting point.
Experiments that win improve the product. All your experiments improve the ideas, assumptions, and decisions that come next, increasingly including the ones your agents make. That’s the part that really compounds. Firmer footing leads to better experiments, which produce better evidence, which produces better judgment. Over time, your experimentation program is not only improving your product, it’s improving your organization’s ability to build one.
Experiments should not disappear into a results archive once a decision has been made. The best ones should keep teaching you.
‍
The Edge Podcast
Battle tested before it reaches the counter: experimentation at Clover
August 27, 2026
Topics
The Edge Podcast
Release
The Edge Podcast
Featured
false
Body
Running an experiment is the easy part. The hard part is knowing which experiments are worth running at all, and what to do when the textbook playbook, the classic 50/50 production split, is simply off the table.
That's the situation
Ben Schein
lives in every day. On this episode of The Experimentation Edge, host Ashley Stirrup, CMO of
GrowthBook
, sits down with Ben, Director of Product Management at Clover, one of the largest point-of-sale and payment processing providers in the world. Ben oversees product strategy for the on-premise and digital tools that restaurants run their businesses on: the point of sale a server uses on the floor, the handhelds they carry between tables, and the systems behind menus, promotions, reservations, online ordering, and catering.
The scale is staggering. Clover serves more than 300,000 merchants in the United States alone and processes billions of dollars every day. Ben can watch spikes ripple through the system in real time when a World Cup match or a major concert hits a city. And that scale shapes every decision his teams make about testing.
You can't A/B test a work tool
Here is the constraint that makes Clover's experimentation program different from most: the product is someone's workday.
"Testing is not really 'let's put something in production and see what happens,'" Ben explained. "The worst possible thing is to show up to work the next day and suddenly the tool that you use for work is totally different and no one told you why. You can't do an
A/B test
in that environment."
A consumer app can quietly ship a variant to 5% of users and watch the metrics. A server picking up a handheld during the dinner rush cannot be a surprise test subject. So Clover inverts the standard model. Instead of testing in production, everything is proven before rollout: structured pilots, ground-level validation, and
a detailed go-to-market plan for every feature that ships
.
The consequence is that testing carries real financial weight at Clover. "If we don't know that this thing is gonna be successful, we're not gonna invest all those dollars in getting this thing to market," Ben said. Testing is not a stage gate that slows the roadmap down. It is the evidence that justifies the rollout budget in the first place, part of the company's vernacular and culture, as Ben puts it.
Uncertainty and downside set the testing depth
If you can't test everything in production, you have to be ruthless about what earns deep experimentation. Ben's triage comes down to two variables: how much uncertainty is built into the change, and how much real downside exists if it goes wrong.
At the high end sit things like payment authorization flows or the entire funnel a server uses to place an order on a restaurant floor. Those changes are high touch and central to the core experience. They get intentional, ground-level testing before any system-wide change, because when something less proven trips up, the impact is significantly bigger.
At the other end sit table stakes features. Adding Apple Pay matters to the business, but it is an industry standard; the uncertainty was resolved years ago by the rest of the market. You monitor the impacts after rollout, and you move on.
The lesson for experimentation teams:
testing depth should follow the risk reward math
, not the visibility of the feature. A flashy redesign might need less rigor than an invisible change to an authorization flow. Most roadmaps get this backwards.
Ben applies the same discipline to what happens after a test reads out. His advice to PMs who are new to experimentation is to know the strategic value of a test before running it. "We want the learnings of those tests. We don't always know why we want those learnings," he observed, and a junior PM staring at a significant result with no idea what to do next is the predictable outcome. His fix: structure tests for durable business value rather than pass-fail verdicts,
pair every headline metric with counter metrics
, and anchor on ground-level measurements like items per check that stay resilient whether $100 or $100 million is being spent on marketing that quarter.
What a burger chain teaches about checkout funnels
Before Clover, Ben led product at Shake Shack, joining at the tail end of the pandemic when the brand's digital channels had gone to market fast and the open question was whether they were any good.
The team's answer became a masterclass in treating a conversion funnel as a brand channel. Shake Shack is built on hospitality, so the question Ben's team asked was strange and productive: what does hospitality look like in a checkout flow?
Some of it was classic optimization: removing redundant steps, and fixing customers who accidentally ordered from the wrong location as store density grew. But the more interesting work was additive. The team tested how presenting prep-time expectations affected conversion, because a Shake Shack burger takes longer than typical fast service and an unexplained wait erodes trust. Set the expectation honestly at checkout, and NPS downstream reflects that the promise was kept.
Then there were the loading screens. Those interstitial moments after a purchase became deliberate brand real estate: the quality of the beef, the fact that the patty is never frozen, conveyed in a passive moment the customer was already spending rather than buried third in a product description. The same thinking carried to the kiosks in the restaurants themselves.
The thread connecting it all is context. "I don't even think of it as personalized, it's contextualized," Ben said. Nobody opens a restaurant app just to browse; they are hungry, they are in the car, they are standing somewhere they can't see the menu. Funnels that acknowledge that intent outperform funnels that don't.
Why this matters for experimentation teams
Ben's career runs from hand-writing test parameters in Firebase config files at NPR, with weeks of work per readout, to a world where the same test runs in an afternoon. His prediction is that the democratization keeps going: interns running hypothetical experiments in sandboxed environments without asking permission, with AI tools making analysis approachable to anyone regardless of background.
But the through line of the conversation is that tooling was never the hard part. The hard part is judgment: knowing which changes carry real downside, structuring tests so their learnings have durable value, and understanding the context your users bring before you measure what they do. Machines may beat humans at allocating ad spend, as Ben readily concedes. Knowing your audience well enough to see where they are going next is still a human edge.
Hear the full conversation with Ben Schein on
The Experimentation Edge
. And if you're ready to bring that kind of rigor to your own rollouts, visit
growthbook.io
to see why the open source experimentation platform leader powers testing programs at any scale.
The Edge Podcast
From 22 clicks to 5: the zero impact experiment that shaped how Edd Saunders at JobLeads tests
August 26, 2026
Topics
The Edge Podcast
Release
The Edge Podcast
Featured
false
Body
‍
Every experimentation program has a story it keeps coming back to. For
Edd Saunders
, product experimentation manager at
JobLeads
, it involves pizza.
On this episode of The Experimentation Edge, Edd walked through the experiment that looked like a guaranteed winner, failed completely, and permanently changed how he designs tests. He also shared the problem mapping framework he uses to train new experimenters and explained how JobLeads multiplied its experiment velocity almost tenfold in about a year.
The sure thing that went nowhere
A few years back, during his consulting days, Edd worked with a large, established pizza company that wanted to explore personalization as a way to improve its web experience. The research was thorough. Customer journey maps showed that the average customer needed around 22 distinct inputs from starting a session to completing an order. About half of all traffic came from returning users, and those returning users ordered the same pizza week after week. Previous experiments had shown that customers kept two or three competing delivery sites open at once, racing whichever basket filled first, hungry and increasingly irritated as their blood sugar dropped.
The logical conclusion practically wrote itself: reduce the number of clicks. The team built a database that captured every item a customer ordered, saved it against their user ID, and served their usual order back in a nicely designed widget on their next visit. One click added the entire order to the basket and sent the customer straight to checkout. Twenty-two steps became five or six.
"It had absolutely zero impact, zero impact on user behavior," Edd said. "It didn't increase purchases. It didn't decrease purchases. People saw it and just thought, nah, I'm not using that."
The team iterated a few times, then drew the honest conclusion: forcing personalization on these customers wasn't worth the money. But the deeper learning was about why the feature failed. "The exploration is still a massive part of customers' delight," Edd explained. Customers wanted to feel in control of their experience. "By making it easier to find their order again, we actually took away some of their control." People would tell themselves they wanted something different this time, browse the menu, and land on the same pizza they always ordered. The browsing was the point.
For Ashley, the story hit close to home. He admitted he personally would have wanted the feature, and that its failure would have kept him up at night. That is precisely the value of the experiment. It saved the company from continuing to invest in a direction that data, logic, and intuition all endorsed, and that customers quietly rejected.
Getting out of the solution space
The pizza story sets up the question every experimentation leader eventually faces: how do you guide someone who has never run a test before? Edd spent about six years consulting and training people who were new to experimentation but full of ideas, and he has a clear diagnosis of where they go wrong.
"The trickiest part is getting people out of the solution space thinking and moving them into the problem space thinking," he said. Solution space thinking means generating ideas and throwing them at the wall. And because everyone carries a natural bias that their own ideas are better, everyone new to testing eventually has the same humbling experience. "Everyone new to this has to go through this kind of ego death, where their brilliant idea actually has zero impact whatsoever."
His alternative starts with the customer. Edd runs an exercise called customer journey mapping that doubles as an introduction to analytics tools. First, understand where people come from, where they land, and every micro step between acquisition and activation, then calculate funnel drop-off rates in granular detail to find the biggest leak. Second, layer qualitative data on top: heatmaps, session recordings, click maps, and scroll maps that reveal the how behind the what. Third, add user research, from interviews to third party reviews. At JobLeads, social media reviews alone provide a huge amount of intelligence about where the product should go.
From those three sources, problems get written as statements: as a new user, I don't register for JobLeads because I don't trust the brand. Then comes the exercise Edd loves most, problem mapping. Each problem lands on a 2x2 matrix. The horizontal axis measures evidence, from pure assumption on the left to fully validated on the right. The vertical axis measures impact. The top right quadrant, high impact problems you know are real, becomes the first batch of hypotheses to test. High impact unknowns get logged for additional research, or simply tested if they're cheap to run.
The payoff goes beyond win rate. Validated problems are useful to marketing, customer support, and leadership, not just product teams. And the approach solves the fear that haunts every new experimenter: running out of ideas. "If you live in the solution space, your ideas run dry pretty quickly," Edd said. "If you understand the problems you're trying to solve, naturally you'll come up with multiple hypotheses for each problem. One problem can spring a nice tree of ideas."
Democratizing experimentation
JobLeads only started testing seriously in early 2025, and the program's growth has been steep. Velocity has climbed from roughly 0.3 experiments launched per month to about 2.8. Edd, who was the second dedicated experimentation hire, has spent much of his time on experiment operations: standardized workflows, making each departments roadmap accessible to everyone, and a company-wide knowledge base that synthesizes the learnings from every experiment for anyone in the organization, whether they sit in marketing, customer support, or product.
That knowledge base serves a second purpose: keeping people excited. Edd has watched interest in experimentation spike at launch and then dwindle as people discover that most of their ideas won't win. His counter is to reframe what a result means. "It isn't look at what's won, look at what's lost. It's look at what we've learnt and look at what better decisions we're empowered to make because we've run an experiment."
Ashley summarized the compounding effect with a baseball metaphor: experimentation isn't about home runs, it's about stacking singles. Edd agreed. "Your one test might not have a huge amount of impact, but when you look back over a year, the 100 or so tests you run might. The growth will have compounded over time."
Looking ahead, Edd's ambition is to push experimentation beyond the specialists. He wants content managers and everyday marketers to take an idea from problem to live experiment themselves, then watch it get validated and absorbed into production. "I guess you could call it democratizing experimentation, giving the power to the people."
The obstacle isn't primarily education. It's habit change. People are already under pressure, and mandating experimentation on top of their day jobs breeds resistance. Edd's answer is to make the value of each contribution visible: "Hey, you had that great idea a few weeks ago. We ran it as an experiment, and the company now knows X, Y, Z because of your insight."
AI plays a quiet supporting role throughout. Edd uses it to validate MVPs cheaply before features get built properly, and for the unglamorous automation that keeps the machine running: drafting tickets, standardizing documentation for the knowledge base, and small workflow automations like extracting Figma links between ticket statuses. Little stepping stones, as he put it, that ease the burden across the organization.
The takeaway
The thread running through the conversation is humility in the face of evidence. The most logical feature can have zero impact. The most brilliant idea can flop. What compounds isn't any single win but the accumulation of validated learnings, shared widely enough that the whole company gets smarter with every test.
Hear the full conversation with Edd Saunders on The Experimentation Edge.
And if you're ready to raise your own experiment velocity, visit growthbook.io to see why the open-source experimentation platform leader powers testing programs at any scale.
Feature Flags
Feature flags vs. remote configuration: what’s the difference?
August 25, 2026
Topics
Feature Flags
Release
Feature Flags
Featured
true
Body
In 2025, Google Cloud went down globally for roughly three hours. This happened because of a simple configuration change that left blank fields, and within seconds, it was replicated across the entire service.
Google’s
own incident report
was blunt about the root cause. They admitted they did not have appropriate error-handling measures, such as feature flags, in place.
A config value broke production. But a feature flag would’ve stopped it.
A remote config and
feature flag
both change production behavior without a redeploy. That’s what makes the boundary hard to see.
In this article, we’ll explore the differences between feature flags and remote configs and when it makes sense to use either or both.
What’s the difference between a feature flag and remote config?
A
feature flag
decides whether something happens with your code. Remote configuration decides what a value is. Both of these functionalities live outside your codebase, and both change without redeploying code. That’s why many developers conflate them.
Let’s say you’re rebuilding a checkout feature. The initial rollout is 10% of users while you monitor error rates, and the payment service it calls has a rate limit you can tune as traffic increases. The checkout page has a JSON object that controls field order and input density. So, in this case, the flag asks who should experience the new checkout flow, while the config values such as the rate limit and layout object define how the system behaves once you’re in it.
Now, the difference is clear in how you target different aspects of your infrastructure and what the payload is meant to do.
For instance, flags evaluate only against specific user attributes, such as geography or device type. If two users hit the same endpoint, they see different answers depending on their attributes. Remote configuration can do the same thing. You can serve the same value across an entire environment or segment them based on certain attributes like geography. But the focus is on what value a setting holds (the payload) and not on who should see a feature. In either case, the value is permanent and continues to stay in your codebase, unlike a feature flag.
Here are a few other differences between feature flags and remote configuration:
Feature flag
Remote configuration
Question it answers
Who should experience this?
What should this value be?
Typical value
Boolean
String, number,
JSON
Evaluated against
User attributes
Environment, project, or user segment
Expected lifespan
Weeks to months
Indefinite
End state
Removed from the codebase
Updated in place
Who changes it
The team that is shipping the feature
The team that owns the system
The method you reach for works the same way in the codebase, too:
// Feature flag: should this user see the rebuilt checkout?
if
(gb.isOn(
"new-checkout-flow"
)) {
renderNewCheckout();
}
// Remote configuration: what rate limit applies here?
const
rateLimit = gb.getFeatureValue(
"payments-rate-limit"
,
100
);
isOn() returns a boolean and gates a block of code. getFeatureValue() returns a value your application then uses—along with a fallback for the moment before the SDK has loaded.
Typically, developers see this type of configuration in Firebase Remote Config for the first time, but it’s possible on other platforms like GrowthBook as well.
What happens when feature flags and remote config overlap in your infrastructure?
Many feature flagging platforms (including GrowthBook) now support
string, number, and JSON values
. So if you put a specific feature, for example, your pricing tiers in a JSON flag, you’ve built a remote configuration service inside a flagging platform.
Firebase had covered similar ground—but in reverse. So, it added
progressive rollouts
and per-user targeting to an existing config service.
You can no longer separate a platform based on whether it’s best for feature flagging or remote configuration. In fact, several studies treat
feature toggles and remote configuration
as belonging to the same family of techniques. If the academic community can’t always clearly differentiate between the two, engineering teams shouldn’t expect to either.
That said, here’s what happens when they overlap within the same platform:
1. Intent and lifecycle
The intent of the capability changes how long it stays in your codebase. Remote configuration is usually permanent by design, while toggles are (mostly) temporary—unless it’s a kill switch.
For example, a rate limit is tuned over years and stays useful the whole time. But a rollout feature flag’s utility ends the minute you reach 100% rollout. If you serve the same value from a flag for more than 12 months and it stops working as a release control, then that’s just an undocumented config.
In either case, if flags or config remain in your codebase with
no use
whatsoever, you’re dealing with a stale flag. And once they pile up, you’re leaving more room for unnecessary incidents.
Tip:
If you’re using a feature flagging platform like GrowthBook for both purposes, take advantage of the
Stale Detection feature
to clean up unnecessary config or flags. It’ll alert you if the flag has no active environments or if it sends all its traffic to a single variation. That’s your cue to clean it up.
Example of how stale flag detection looks in GrowthBook
Source
2. Targeting
If you’re unable to figure out whether you have a feature flag or remote config in place, just open the flag and review its rules.
If the value is making your code branch an if/else where only one path runs, you have a feature flag, whether it's temporary or permanent. For example, it could be a checkout button rollout which is temporary or even a kill switch that's more permanent.
But if the code consumes the value directly, you have a remote configuration. For example, a rate limit for your service or a layout JSON your UI renders. Here, the code runs on the same path but only the parameter or payload changes. There's no dead branch to clean up because you didn’t create any. It’s a permanent value.
3. Auditability and ownership
Whether you’re working with feature flags or configs, you need versioning.
When someone on your team drops your checkout service’s rate limit from 100 to 50 requests per second and latency spikes, the first question is who made that change and what the previous value was. An audit log solves that problem because an unversioned config can create production failures.
But feature flags need lifecycle management in addition to versioning. When you’re creating them, you need to assign an owner and expiry date. If you don’t do this, you’ll increase your software’s technical debt, which only increases the surface area of failure over that period.
This is all to say that both of these techniques need governance, but the measures look different.
Audit logs in GrowthBook
Source
When does using feature flags as remote config become a problem?
You can run flags and config through the same platform. The problem starts when you run them through the same mental model. Here’s why:
1. Stale flags that become undocumented configuration
As you keep creating more flags or configurations, your codebase becomes more cluttered over time. In fact, a
2026 study
found that feature toggles in Kubernetes stay in the codebase for a median of 734 days, while they stay for 185 days in GitLab.
Stale flags
are the norm, so you need to prepare for that.
Within GrowthBook, you can identify dead code snippets using the Stale Detection feature. If you’re using the MCP, the platform also
offers agent skills
to find flags and clean them up without leaving your AI agent.
Stale flag detection via GrowthBook MCP
Source
2. Too many active flags create points of failure
Every flag you create results in 2
n
possible code paths. For example, 10 active flags create
1,024 possible code paths
while 20 create over a million. Only a few of those combinations are valid states for your product, and you can’t test the rest. Even though
only 7% of toggles
interact directly with each other, toggle interactions grow by an average of 22% over time, so complexity increases with every flag you leave in place.
3. Storing secrets and API keys in flag payloads
Since feature flag payloads are cached client-side, anything inside them can appear in browser dev tools. Typically, API keys and credentials should be stored in a secrets manager or in environment variables to avoid this issue.
If you’re using a feature flagging or remote configuration platform, make sure it offers the necessary protection. For instance, within GrowthBook, the server-side SDKs keep the full payload in a secure environment where it never reaches the browser.
Remote evaluation
takes it a step further by evaluating them server-side and returning only the resolved values to the client—so rules and unused variation stay hidden.
4. Config changes that ship without release controls
In 2024, CrowdStrike shipped a content configuration update to every Falcon sensor, and the change didn’t contain any new code. It took down millions of Windows systems globally, resulting in a
$5.4 billion loss
for the company.
Even Cloudflare’s
November 2025 outage
happened because an internally generated config file doubled in size past a hardcoded ceiling. The company responded by hardening config generation and enabling more kill switches.
In both cases, the company shipped a config change globally and eventually concluded that the config needs the same controls that feature flags already give you. That’s because config carries the same risks as
standard deployments
, so you should treat it the same way.
How to choose between feature flags and remote config for development
Here are a few questions you can run through before choosing the right technique:
Question
Flag
Config
Is this temporary, and will you clean it up?
Yes
No
Does it target specific users differently?
Yes
Depends on the payload value
Is it part of a rollout?
Yes
No
Will deleting the code be part of the work?
Yes
No
Is it risky if two of these are on at once?
Yes
No
Is it a system setting that applies broadly?
No
Yes
Does it need versioning more than lifecycle management?
No
Yes
Do non-engineers need to change it regularly?
No
Yes
If you get the most yeses in the feature flag column, create a flag and use it for your rollout. If most of the yeses sit in the config column, use your flagging platform or a dedicated remote config system to create the config.
For the latter, you can use a string or JSON flag with a clear permanent-value intent and give it a rule that applies to every user.
How GrowthBook supports feature flagging and remote configuration
The Google Cloud outage started with a config value and eventually led to the realization that feature flagging would’ve solved this problem. That’s one of the reasons GrowthBook was built as a single feature primitive with four value types rather than two products bolted together.
A few ways GrowthBook does both jobs well:
Feature flags and remote config:
Every feature has a key, a type, a default value, and rules per environment. Boolean features run through isOn() for releases, while string, number, and JSON features run through getFeatureValue() for configuration.
JSON schema validation
:
It enforces structure on non-boolean flag values—you define the allowed shape, and the platform rejects invalid entries before they reach production. The raw JSON editor becomes a generated form with typed fields and inline validation errors.
Rules
:
You can use
targeting rules
across all four value types and serve different configurations per segment when you actually need them.
Audit logs:
You can review draft revisions and audit logs to answer who changed a value and when, with approval flows for changes that need a reviewer.
Stale detection
:
This feature surfaces flags that stopped making decisions, and Code References show you where the dead code is present. You can decide whether to keep or remove it.
Configs
:
The platform also ships dedicated Configs, which are typed and validated JSON objects with schema enforcement and per-environment overrides.
Constants
:
It’s present alongside Configs and is a reusable value you define once and reference across multiple flags. These give long-lived configuration its own first-class object inside the platform rather than treating it as a side effect of a non-boolean flag.
If you want to see how GrowthBook handles feature flags and remote config in one place,
start for free
or
book a demo
with us today.
‍
Experiments
Guides
Designing experiments that produce trustworthy results: a pre-launch guide to validity threats
August 24, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Guides
Release
Experiments
Guides
Featured
true
Body
Every
experimentation
team has had this experience: An
A/B test
showed a statistically significant lift, but after the change was rolled out, the primary metric didn't budge. It turned out the intervention didn't have an effect and the lift was caused by a flaw in the experimental design that introduced bias. By the time you're analyzing an experiment's results, many of the decisions that determine whether those results are reliable have already been made.
We've already looked at several components of trustworthy experiments in depth:
reducing false positive rates
for more reliable wins,
reducing variance
to run conclusive experiments more often, and
diagnosing sample ratio mismatch
when you detect sample bias.
This article is a pre-launch framework for the decisions you need to make and the checks you should run
before
your experiment starts collecting data to ensure your results are trustworthy.
The 4 validity types that matter for experiment design
Validity describes the trustworthiness of an experiment's conclusion, whether the effect it reports is real or just a flaw in how the test was built. The standard experimental-design framework, from
Shadish, Cook, and Campbell
, breaks it into 4 types.
1. Internal validity
Randomization is supposed to guarantee internal validity, meaning the change you tested, rather than some other factor, caused the observed difference between the test and control groups. But two randomized groups stop being comparable when the intervention itself causes a change in their composition.
For example, if a new checkout flow loads half a second slower, impatient users may abandon it before they're counted in the analysis, leaving the test group without the users who would drag conversion down. Novelty, network effects, selective enrollment, and attrition can all threaten internal validity when an experiment isn't designed properly.
2. External validity
A 2-week test run over the winter holidays can show a statistically significant lift that disappears in January when normal user behavior returns. When that happens, you have an issue with external validity.
External validity requires that an experiment's measured effect apply to more than just the users and the time period you tested. An effect won't generalize when the conditions during the test differ from the conditions after rollout. Plan to run your experiment during a representative period on a representative sample to get reliable results.
3. Construct validity
An experiment can be internally and externally valid while still measuring the wrong thing. Construct validity means the metric you measure actually reflects the outcome you care about. Metrics are often just proxies for something harder to measure, and they can improve even when the outcome they represent does not.
For example, a recommendation carousel test might measure click-through as a stand-in for purchases, but a variation can lift clicks while purchases stay flat.
Choosing the right metric
up front prevents issues with construct validity.
4. Statistical conclusion validity
Statistical conclusion validity depends on your analysis supporting your conclusions. Checking the dashboard each morning and stopping when the result looks significant raises the chance that the winner you declare is a
false positive
, even when the design itself is sound. You can protect statistical conclusion validity by setting the sample size in advance and pre-specifying the analysis details before launch.
GrowthBook's
statistical validity guide
covers 2 more types as well as common threats to validity like p-hacking, peeking, and regression to the mean.
How to design for experiment validity before you collect any data
The decisions that determine an experiment's validity happen at the planning stage. Pre-registering an experiment means fixing all the details in advance, such as the hypothesis, the primary metric, the sample size, and stopping criteria. Committing to them
before
launch means you can't go looking for a significant result by
peeking at the data or choosing what to measure after you've seen the numbers
.
Start with a hypothesis that has a mechanism
Without a stated mechanism in your hypothesis, you have no way to pick the right metric or to judge whether a result makes sense. Write your hypothesis so the reason is explicit. A
clear research hypothesis
names the change, the metric, the expected direction, and the mechanism: we believe [change] will move [metric] [direction] because [mechanism]. The
because
is easy to leave out, and it's the part that makes a null result informative. When the metric doesn't move, you can use the mechanism to decide which link in the causal chain to check first. Stating it up front also constrains the metric you pick next, because it names the specific behavior the feature is supposed to change.
Match your randomization unit to your analysis unit
Randomization creates balanced groups, but this balance only applies to the unit you make assignments on. For example, if you randomized by user, the user groups would be balanced. If you then analyzed that experiment using sessions instead, you would no longer be comparing the same groups you balanced. Since one user can generate multiple sessions, a variation that alters user behavior (like visit frequency) can skew the session count in one arm for reasons independent of the metric you are testing.
A mismatch between identifiers can cause the same problem. Many metrics rely on anonymous IDs, because the tracking events fire before users sign in. If your SDK
assigns on a user ID
, one user can map to several anonymous IDs in your data, and those IDs may not split evenly across your groups. To prevent this, assign and analyze on the same identifier. You’ll need to choose the one that's available when users first see the change: the user ID on signed-in surfaces or the anonymous ID before sign-in.
Randomize whole groups when users affect each other
Some treatments change how users affect each other. Standard randomization assumes that one user's assignment doesn't change another user's outcome. Statisticians call this the stable unit treatment value assumption, or SUTVA.
For example, imagine a referral test where the treatment arm sees an offer for $10 if they refer a friend, and the control arm doesn't. Treatment users send invitations. When the invited friends arrive, some are assigned to the control group, and of course they sign up. The control group's conversion rate rises because of the treatment, so the gap between the arms shrinks and the measured effect understates what the feature does. The split is still 50/50, and every health check passes, but the estimate is wrong.
Marketplaces where buyers and sellers draw on shared inventory have the same problem, as does any social feature where treated and control users interact. The measured effect is still biased, and you can't easily predict the direction.
There's no way to correct for interference between groups in the analysis afterward, so you have to design for it in advance.
Cluster randomization
assigns whole groups to the same variation, like every user in a city or a connected social graph, so the effect stays contained inside a cluster instead of leaking between groups. Geographic holdouts and time-based designs, where the treatment switches on and off across time periods, do the same job when the groups don't divide neatly. The best option depends on how your users connect to each other. Whichever design you choose, the decision has to happen
before
launch.
Re-randomize when you reuse a surface
Reusing the same randomization across back-to-back experiments lets users keep their old assignment, so anyone in the treatment arm last time stays in it for the new test. If the earlier treatment caused a lasting effect, that effect is now correlated with the new assignment and biases the result. For example, if a previous feature redesign confused users, their temporary frustration will artificially drag down engagement with the new tool. Re-randomize with a fresh seed for every experiment, so each user's new assignment is independent of any prior test. GrowthBook does this automatically when you
start a new phase with re-randomization
or create a fresh experiment.
Keep the arms identical except for the change you're testing
A new variant introduces new code, and new code can differ from the control in ways you didn't intend. It might degrade performance or have a bug the control doesn't, and suddenly you’re not just measuring the intervention, but also everything else that came along with it.
For example, a redesign might appear to fail simply because the new page loads more slowly, confounding the design change with added latency. Compare latency and error rate across the arms so that a performance issue doesn’t bias the treatment effect.
You also need to measure all experiment arms the same way. They have to fire the exposure event (which records that a user entered the experiment) at the same point and use identical metric definitions. If the exposure event fires after variation-specific code runs, the slower arm will lose users before they're counted, creating a sample ratio mismatch (SRM) and a biased result.
An
A/A test
, where both arms serve the same experience, can help you check your measurement setup. With no real difference between the arms, any difference the analysis reports came from your assignment or tracking. But it can't catch problems that only appear when the real variant runs, so monitor latency, error rates, and
SRM warnings
during the live test.
Choose a single primary metric that measures the right thing
The more metrics you analyze, the more likely you are to find a false positive. You can control that risk with a
multiple comparisons correction
, but you lose some sensitivity when you do. Declare a single primary metric that directly tests your hypothesis. Ideally, it should connect to your
Overall Evaluation Criterion (OEC)
, the organization-wide definition of success that experiments are judged against.
Three questions help with primary metric selection:
Is it proximate to the feature, meaning it measures something the feature directly changes?
Does it predict the
long-term outcome
you want, rather than a short-term proxy that can rise while the real goal stays flat?
Is it a rate or a binary metric, rather than a total that a handful of high-spending users can disproportionately influence?
With a proximate, predictive, outlier-resistant metric, you can
detect a real effect with far less data
than with a noisy one.
In addition to your primary metric, you can also declare
guardrail metrics
. These are the metrics that must not degrade. Revenue, support tickets, latency, and error rate are all common here. You don't use a guardrail metric to call a winner, even when it improves. Instead, its purpose is to detect when the variant makes something important worse that the primary metric wouldn't catch. When you declare guardrails before launch, you see the decline during the test instead of after rollout.
Set your
decision criteria
before launch, too. Your metric choices describe what to measure, not when a result is good enough to ship, so document which combination of outcomes means you ship, roll back, or iterate. For example, you might only ship if the primary metric improves with 80%+ confidence and your guardrail metrics don’t degrade. Committing to your criteria up front is part of pre-registration, and it helps make sure all your stakeholders are aligned on what success looks like.
Calculate your sample size and set a minimum duration
Peeking
at results early and acting on what you see is one of the easiest ways to accidentally increase your false positive rate. Without a sample-size target set in advance, every early look triggers a decision about whether or not to stop. As you're designing your experiment, run a
power analysis
to determine your sample-size target.
Power analysis is built on 3 inputs:
Minimum detectable effect:
the smallest increase in a metric's performance that would be meaningful for your business.
Baseline value:
your primary metric's current value for the same audience, from 2-4 weeks of pre-experiment data.
Power target:
the chance of detecting a real effect if there is one. 80% is standard for most decisions, but you may want to go higher if missing a real effect would be costly.
Split the two arms evenly unless you have a reason not to, because a 50/50 allocation gets the most power out of a given sample. Using a ratio like 90/10 to limit exposure is a reasonable safety choice on riskier changes, but it will cost you sensitivity and lengthen the test.
If your test enrolls users continuously, like most product and website tests, it also needs a minimum duration, regardless of when you reach your sample-size target. A 2-week minimum is common. User behavior varies across the week, so running experiments in whole-week increments gives every day equal representation. Duration also needs to outlast the burst of first-time curiosity a new feature draws, and features that change habitual behavior, like navigation or a core workflow, need longer still.
Some metrics also take time to mature. If your primary metric is completing a 7-day trial, users who enroll in the test's final week haven't had time to complete it. Set a
conversion window
on the metric, which counts each user's events only within a fixed period after their own exposure, in this case 7 days, so a user who enrolled on day one and a user who enrolled in the final week are measured on the same terms. You’ll need to wait for the last enrollees' windows to close before analyzing. The window keeps the measurement period equal rather than shortening the wait.
Together, the sample size, the minimum duration, and metric maturity determine your analysis date. Plan to analyze the results once, when all 3 are met. If you know you'll want to act on results as they come in, enable
sequential testing
at design time, which adjusts the statistics so that
repeated looks
don't inflate the
Type I error rate
.
Plan how concurrent experiments share users
When several experiments run on the same audience at the same time, they will inevitably share users. That's usually fine because experiments assign users independently, and shared users spread evenly across each experiment's arms. When
Microsoft analyzed every pair of concurrent tests
running across 4 of its products, 3 products showed no statistically significant interactions at all, and the fourth showed them in 1 in 50,000 test-pair metrics.
But when you expect two treatments to interact, for example if both are making changes to the same onboarding flow, you can design the experiments to be mutually exclusive so users only get enrolled in one. GrowthBook supports this with
namespaces
. Since mutual exclusion spreads your sample further, reserve it for experiments that actually interact.
Run pre-experiment checks before launch
A final round of checks catches potential validity issues while they are still relatively simple to correct. Before the experiment goes live, confirm the following:
A/A test passed:
Run an
A/A test
on any new experiment surface or after making tracking changes. Since both arms are identical, any statistically significant result points to a problem in your instrumentation or assignment.
Pre-experiment balance check:
If you’re assigning a fixed cohort before launch, confirm the groups don’t already differ on your primary metric (like revenue per user) before the treatment starts. An imbalance that predates the experiment means your results will be biased from the start. This is only possible for batch-assigned experiments on existing users who have historical data.
Enrollment overlap reviewed:
Check which live experiments this one will overlap with. Having users in multiple experiments is fine as long as they change independent parts of the product. If two do interact, make them mutually exclusive so users only get enrolled in one experiment. You can do this in GrowthBook using a shared
namespace
.
Runtime confirmed:
Given your user volume and minimum detectable effect, confirm the experiment can reach its required sample size in a reasonable amount of time. A test projected to take 9 months at your current volume needs a different design.
Common threats to internal and external validity in experimentation
The design decisions above reduce the risk of a validity failure, but they can't eliminate it entirely. Once the experiment is live, watch for these common threats to validity, especially when the results don't seem to make sense.
Novelty and primacy effects
Users behave differently when they encounter something new, so the first week of data often shows a bigger effect than later weeks will. Novelty pushes the early effect up, and its opposite, the primacy effect, pushes it down. This is because experienced users need time to adapt before a change starts helping them. When a test is too short, it measures the reaction to a change rather than the change itself. You can spot novelty after rollout, when a winning result decays over the following weeks.
Network effects and SUTVA violations
Network effects are hard to spot because they pass standard health checks. You'll see a balanced split between groups, but if users are influencing one another, the results are skewed anyway. Beware of SUTVA violations anytime your experiment involves referrals, social interactions, or shared inventory, especially when the results are surprising. Since you can't fix this bias after the fact, it's best to catch it early and rerun the test using a group-based design, such as cluster randomization.
Interference from concurrent experiments
Concurrent experiments usually only contaminate each other when their treatments interact, like two changes to the same algorithm. As covered earlier, independent assignment keeps ordinary overlap from biasing either result. That said, you should suspect an interaction when two teams have shipped changes to the same surface at the same time, and either result looks implausible. To verify your results, make the experiments mutually exclusive with a
namespace
and rerun them, so that each test measures its own change.
The pre-launch checklist for trustworthy experiments
This checklist is your pre-registration record. Answer each item with a yes or no before the experiment goes live. Each item corresponds to an A/B testing best practice covered in the sections above.
Hypothesis written with its mechanism. We believe [change] will move [metric] [direction] because [mechanism].
Decision-making criteria written down before launch, including which combination of goal and guardrail metrics means you ship, roll back, or iterate.
Guardrail metrics declared for anything that must not degrade, like revenue, support tickets, latency, or error rate.
Randomization unit matched to the analysis unit, on both grain and identifier.
Randomization re-seeded if reusing a surface or the same users from a prior experiment.
Exposure event confirmed to fire at the same point in both arms, with latency and errors compared across arms.
Network effects assessed: does this feature change how users affect each other?
User-sharing plan set: overlap allowed for independent experiments that change different parts of the product, or mutually exclusive namespaces for tests that interact.
Sample size calculated from the minimum detectable effect, baseline, and power target, with an even split unless there's a reason otherwise.
Minimum duration set for continuously enrolling tests, on a window without holidays or major promotions.
A/A test passed on new surfaces and after tracking changes.
Pre-experiment balance check run, with no significant imbalance between groups.
Concurrent-experiment enrollment overlap reviewed.
Stopping criteria written down. Analyze once at the committed sample size and date, or use sequential testing if you need to look early.
How GrowthBook supports pre-launch validity
GrowthBook's
pre-launch checklist
lets you encode these checks as required steps before an experiment moves to production. Use the
power calculator
to project power over time before launch and commit to a realistic runtime.
GrowthBook automatically flags SRM and pre-experiment imbalance on the Results tab once the test is live, the opt-in
Health tab
adds deeper checks and visualizations, and
sequential testing
keeps results valid if you need to monitor early.
GrowthBook’s
Decision Framework
lets teams define decision criteria directly in the experiment, so the readout includes a shipping recommendation. The
stats engine is open source
, so you can see exactly how each check is computed.
Trustworthy results begin during the design phase, long before data collection starts. GrowthBook's
experimentation platform
puts these safeguards in place by default. You can
try it for free
or
book a demo
with the team.
‍
The Edge Podcast
Scaling 100 tests a year across 1,100 dentist owned offices at Aspen Dental
August 19, 2026
Topics
The Edge Podcast
Release
The Edge Podcast
Featured
true
Body
Running 100 tests a year is the easy part. The hard part is knowing what a win actually means when the "customer" on the other side of your website is 1,100 different businesses.
That is the problem
Arie Polycarpou
works on every day as Senior Manager of Test and Learn at
Aspen Dental
. On this episode of The Experimentation Edge, he walked host Ashley Stirrup through twelve years of building experimentation programs at Kohl's, Marriott, Total Wine, and now the largest company in The Aspen Group's healthcare portfolio. Along the way he shared the two numbers he actually manages to: a win rate he deliberately expects to fall, and stacked win math with a haircut built in.
twelve years from volunteer to program builder
Arie's route into experimentation started with a hand raised at Kohl's Department Stores. He had landed in digital analytics out of a marketing analytics background, drawn to digital because, unlike most data work, you get to see a whole customer experience start to finish. A/B testing was a growing field at Kohl's with exactly one person working on it. That person needed help. Arie volunteered.
Twelve years later, the pattern of his career is remarkably consistent: join as an individual contributor, connect the data sources, install the rigor and the processes, then build the team. At Marriott he helped bring measurement discipline to A/B tests. At Total Wine, a company that grew tremendously during COVID, he took a program doing a couple of big product tests a quarter and turned it into a full-fledged, hundred-test-a-year operation. After graduate studies in digital transformation, he joined Aspen Dental in October 2025 to bring its agency-run testing in-house and accelerate both the volume and the depth of what the program can measure.
Now he leads a team of three: himself, a manager of analytics, and a coordinator of testing and analytics. The descriptive work matters, but the bread and butter is turning known business opportunities into tests, then working with product managers, the merchandising and production group, and a team of front-end developers to build them. The target: about 100 tests a year, with room to grow.
healthcare retail: one website, 1,100 offices
Aspen Dental is not a typical B2C business. It is part of TAG, The Aspen Group, which owns several healthcare organizations, and Arie describes the model as healthcare retail. Aspen Dental has about 1,100 offices across the country, and none of them are corporate-owned. Private dentists own the practices, in a model Arie compares to Marriott: the brand provides resources, training, and education, but the practice owners run the businesses.
The website's job is focused: attract new patients, help them learn about the offering, and get them on the books. Appointment bookings per location is the North Star. As Arie puts it, the website's role is to "give the offices a chance to serve a user."
But that franchise structure changes what a win means. Every office has its own star rating, level of service, show rate, and patient return value. A test that lifts bookings overall can still be a bad trade if it routes more patients toward weaker offices or lower-value visit types. So Arie's team monitors what happens after the booking: the value of a patient, whether the mix of users is changing, and whether the mix of offices receiving those patients is changing. Promoting stronger offices, with higher show rates and higher return value, is simply better for the business than spreading demand indiscriminately.
For experimentation teams, the lesson generalizes: when your business is really a network of businesses, the unit of analysis has to follow the value, not just the conversion.
the win rate that should fall as you mature
Ashley asked Arie a question every experimentation leader gets from their executives: what's your win rate?
His answer runs against instinct. Arie strives for a true win rate of about 25%, and he treats the roughly 40% win rate that new programs often post as a symptom of youth, not excellence. Early programs feast on low-hanging fruit: the obvious fixes, the long-postponed ideas, the big value opportunities. As those get knocked out, the tests get more ambitious and the win rate should decline.
The logic cuts both ways. Too low a win rate means you're wasting effort testing the wrong things. Too high means you're not testing anything hard. And the baseline is stiffer than a coin flip suggests: your current experience already embodies years of descriptive data, UX best practices, and accumulated knowledge. Beating it significantly takes real work.
The industry's most mature programs bear this out. Ashley noted that Bing has been quoted around a 20% win rate, and Airbnb as low as 10%. The more mature the product, the harder it is to move the needle. A falling win rate, in other words, can be evidence that your program is finally testing things worth testing.
the haircut rule: two 5% wins don't make 10%
The second number Arie manages carefully is the one that gets reported upward: the stacked, annualized value of the program's wins.
His rule is to be optimistic about better and conservative about how much. A 5% lift measured during a test window rarely survives a year in market. Customers acclimate and the novelty gets baked in. New changes get layered on top of old ones. And lifts don't compound the way arithmetic implies: a 5% homepage win followed by another 5% win does not produce 10%. "I know the math should make it seem like it does work like that," Arie says, "but it doesn't."
So depreciation gets baked into estimates before they reach leadership, in the form of haircuts. The approach echoes what Ronny Kohavi described on a GrowthBook webinar: apply a 20% haircut when you stack wins. Arie goes further when the evidence is thinner, taking a bigger haircut on tests that ran shorter or won with weaker confidence.
The alternative, long-term holdouts, is statistically cleaner but operationally messy. Holdouts force you to maintain two experiences, effectively two sets of code, and the longer they run, the harder they get. For most programs, disciplined conservative estimation is the more sustainable path, and it pays a cultural dividend: conservative numbers that hold up build trust with stakeholders in a way inflated dashboards never do.
where the program goes next
Aspen Dental's program is still young; Arie joined less than a year ago and the muscle is still being built. The road map runs toward specificity: localization, where each of 1,100 offices can be served differently, and service lines, where the experience that books a denture repair is very different from the one that serves a dental emergency.
On AI, Arie is interested but deliberate. Testing tools are adding AI to analyze tests faster, look up results faster, and even help build tests. He sees the opportunity, and Aspen is looking into it, but with guardrails: keep a clean code base, keep top engineers in control of the site, and use AI as additional analytics hands that free the team to think more strategically, not as a replacement for rigor.
why this matters for experimentation teams
Three disciplines run through this conversation. Follow the value past the conversion event, even when that means office-by-office analysis. Read your win rate as a diagnostic of maturity, not a scoreboard. And report stacked wins with a haircut, so the number you promise is one that holds.
Ready to take control of your experimentation program? Start for free or get a demo at growthbook.io.
Listen to the full episode of The Experimentation Edge
‍
Feature Flags
Guides
Decoupling deployment from release with feature flags
August 18, 2026
Topics
Feature Flags
Guides
Release
Feature Flags
Guides
Featured
true
Body
Engineers never deliberately decided to couple deployment and release. It happened by default, because there was no way to draw a hard line between merging code and exposing it to users.
And because of this process, your release schedule depends on whether you’re ready to deploy and not on whether your product roadmap requires it.
Well, that’s not the case anymore.
Feature flags
allow you to decouple deployment from release by controlling what gets exposed to users, even after deployment. In fact, a
2026 study
found that coupled deployments produce unsafe activations 60% of the time. But decoupled ones produced none for rollouts with gated exposure.
In this guide, we’ll explain how feature flags decouple deployment from release and why you should consider adopting them.
Deployment vs. release: What’s the difference?
Deployment is a technical event in which you push code to production, where it runs on your servers, but real users don’t see it yet. On the flip side, release is a business decision. Here, you make the feature visible to users, and it depends on your organization’s roadmap rather than when the code was shipped.
Deployment
Gradual rollout
Release
What it is
Pushing code to production
Controlled ramp to increasing percentage of users with guardrail monitoring
Making a feature visible to users
Who owns it
Engineering
Engineering (thresholds), QA/Product (go/no-go)
Product, PM, or business stakeholder
Event type
Technical
Operational
Business
Frequency
Every merged PR, multiple times a day
Runs over days or weeks, ramping at each stage
When you're ready
Rollback mechanism
Redeploy (minutes to hours)
Auto-revert on guardrail breach (seconds) or pause
Flag toggle (seconds)
Risk profile
Code-level (does it run?)
Performance-level (does it degrade anything?)
User-level (does it work for them?)
Without feature flags, deployment and release happen together. Even a half-finished feature gets released to users if you deploy it. With feature flags, you separate these events.
Why you should consider decoupling deployment from release
‍
When you separate deployment from release, it changes the risk profile of every change your team ships. Here’s how:
It makes releases low-stakes
A bad release doesn’t have to be a crisis anymore. In the traditional software development process, if something goes wrong, the fix also runs through the same pipeline that caused the problem. And your users continue to experience issues until you rectify the problem.
But when you decouple deployment from release using feature flags, the risk becomes containable. The code stays deployed and only the exposure changes. If someone turns the flag off, users can see the older version of the code in seconds while your team looks into the problem.
For instance, in a platform like GrowthBook, because flag evaluation happens locally from a cached payload, a simple toggle switch sends the updates to every SDK in real time. As a result, the changes show up on the next check, which is almost immediately.
In short: the act of reverting a change becomes
boring,
and that’s the goal.
It lets you ship faster
The fear of breaking production also pushes teams toward batching releases. When every release is an all-or-nothing bet, you hedge by bundling changes into bigger, less frequent releases. But that also increases your risk and slows down development.
Decoupling releases solves that issue. The
2025 DORA survey
shows what teams do once it’s gone:
22.7% of organizations deploy to production at least once per day
44.6% deploy at least once per week. This is the type of cadence a decoupled release offers. You can deploy continuously, but release only when you’re ready.
In fact, trunk-based development becomes the norm, with every merge going straight into main behind a feature flag. So you don’t have to deal with long feature branches or the bugs they introduce.
It gives product teams control over the release moment
Once you separate deployment and release, you can also change the ownership of the release process to the team that should hold it. While engineers deploy code,
product managers
can decide when users actually see the new change or feature, without relying on the development team.
Here’s how it differs:
Engineering answers, “Is this code safe to run in production?”
Product answers, “Should users see this now?”
Let’s say a product manager for a telehealth platform wants to release a new appointment-booking flow in one region before rolling it out nationwide. If engineers already deployed the feature two weeks back, all the PM has to do is set the targeting rules using a feature flag (such as geography or plan type) and launch it.
Tip:
Choose a platform that gives non-technical teams full control too. For instance, GrowthBook’s dashboard is built so that non-engineers can manage flag states. If they need attribute-based targeting or want to build Saved Groups, they can do that without writing code.
How feature flags decouple deployment from release
Feature flags create the missing layer between deploying code and releasing features. Here’s how you can set them up as is or using GrowthBook:
Step 1: Wrap new code in a flag
Attach an if/else wrapper to your new code so that when you deploy the feature, it defaults to an “off” state. In this case, the code runs in production while it still allocates memory and initializes its dependencies. However, users can’t see or experience the feature yet.
if
(feature.isOn(
"new-booking-flow"
)) {
renderNewBooking();
}
else
{
renderCurrentBooking();
}
This process is called a “dark launch.” A
2026 study
found that these kinds of shadow deployments identified 40% of potential regressions that the sandboxing stage didn’t catch. You can see what goes wrong before you release the feature.
Note:
Within GrowthBook’s feature flagging platform, every feature wrap
dark launches
by default. Dark launches still rely on the flag’s state so the performance matters here irrespective of whether your users see it. GrowthBook's SDK evaluates flags locally from a cached payload rather than making a network call per check, so there’s no latency between each call. Also, if its servers become unreachable, the SDK continues working with the last cached state. As a result, your dark launch doesn’t break because the flag service went down.
Step 2: Choose your release strategy
Once your code sits dark in production, the flag becomes the release mechanism. Now, whoever owns the flag owns the release moment.
You can use any of the following release strategies to launch the new change, depending on the risk level and level of validation you’ve done:
Strategy
What it does
Best for
Instant release
Flag goes to 100%. One toggle to enable, one to revert.
Low-risk changes, internal tools, and features validated internally
Targeted release
Enable for a defined segment like internal employees, beta users, a plan tier, a geography
Staged rollouts where a feature is validated with a specific group of users before expanding
Delivering features that only apply to certain types of users
QA testing in a high traffic environment with employees or early adopters
Gradual percentage rollout
Enable for a random percentage of traffic (5% → 25% → 50% → 100%), expanding as metrics hold. There's no built-in metric analysis, no dedicated control group, and no automated rollback. You monitor your own dashboards or external observability tools and decide when to increase or revert.
Lower-risk features, or teams with a mature observability stack who want full manual control.
Monitored Ramp Schedules (Safe Rollout)
Gradual rollout with built-in experimentation-style monitoring and guardrail metrics (error rate, latency, conversion).
GrowthBook
splits traffic between a control and rollout group during monitored steps, then runs frequentist sequential testing on your guardrail metrics to detect statistically significant regressions. If any guardrail breaches its threshold, the rollout auto-holds or auto-reverts.
High-risk releases, revenue-critical flows, or any release where the on-ramp should be conditional on the health of specific metrics.
If you’re launching a minor change, you might want to do an instant release. In GrowthBook, it uses a simple
Forced Value rule
where you define the targeting conditions and release the change. If you need more control over who sees the feature, you can add targeting conditions based on any user attribute using the same Forced Value rule. You can also add
prerequisite features
to ensure the flag only activates when another feature or rule is already in effect. If you target the same segment frequently, use
Saved Groups
to create reusable segments.
Source
Here’s a list of attributes you can use in GrowthBook:
Source
Even though targeting lets you choose a specific audience, it can’t tell you whether it actually works for them. The safest way to test that is to use a Percentage Rollout along with an experiment. Here, you define the percentage of users to run the test with and then monitor the metrics you need to see whether the feature improves or degrades them. You can do more granular targeting using Saved Groups or Prerequisite Features.
Source
But if you roll out the feature while testing at every step, Ramp Schedules and Safe Rollouts are the best ways to do that. It uses a combination of percentage rollouts and observability to make that happen. A Ramp Schedule is a release plan you attach to a targeting rule, and at each step, all you have to do is define the percentages, timeframe, and approval workflows. GrowthBook automates the step-up on a timeline you define, so you don’t have to manually go back and ramp it up. If you attach guardrail metrics like error rates or latency spikes to it, it becomes a Safe Rollout (Monitored Ramp-up) where the rollout can be paused or reverted automatically if the metrics degrade.
Source
For instance, if you’re monitoring the new booking flow feature, review metrics such as conversion rate and error rate before the rollout starts.
Step 3: Monitor the rollout and remove the flag
Once the
feature flag
and accompanying code go live, it’s time to monitor the rollout. This means the guardrail metrics you defined earlier have to be monitored. Here, you’ll do a percentage rollout and monitor performance at each stage.
Let’s say you’re monitoring error rates for a new booking flow. If you notice a spike at 10% rollout, you can revert to the old version immediately. If nothing goes wrong, move on to the next step of the rollout. Within GrowthBook, the platform monitors these metrics at every stage and pauses or reverses the rollout if they cross the defined thresholds.
Source
After you hit 100% with stable performance, archive the flag or remove it from your codebase.
How does governance work when deployments and releases are decoupled?
When you start decoupling your delivery process, you’ll contend with two questions:
If any engineer can toggle a flag in production, what stops an accidental release?
And if PMs own the release, what stops someone from exposing a feature that isn’t finished?
Both of these questions have one answer:
approval workflows
.
On platforms like GrowthBook, you get this built in, so every change is treated as a draft that eventually goes out for review. It only gets merged into production when the right person approves it. And the published versions “lock” because every time you make a change, the platform takes an immutable snapshot of the change. If any changes cause an issue, you can always roll back to the previous version, and that gets recorded in the audit logs too.
As a result, the staging process runs without interference, and you involve stakeholders only when the flag needs to go live.
Source
That said, the “who” changes as more organizations use AI to deploy and release features. You can now use AI coding agents to draft flag configurations and release plans programmatically through GrowthBook’s MCP server. Even though the agent handles the setup, a human stakeholder still approves them before anything goes live.
Note:
GrowthBook blocks authors from approving their own requests, so you use the four-eyes principle by default. If someone edits a draft after approval, the review process is reset (unless you’re an admin).
What does the feature flag lifecycle look like?
The decoupling process doesn’t end when you hit 100% rollout. The full lifecycle runs through four stages:
Deploy
Release
Expand
Clean up
We’ve seen that most engineering teams forget the fourth stage, which is the clean up. In fact, Uber built their own automated refactoring tool,
Piranha
, to clean up over 2,000
stale feature flags
. It’s expected when you haven’t baked in governance during the deployment process. Your team keeps
adding flags
without removing them until something goes wrong.
In a nutshell, the control layer you added for safer releases becomes
technical debt that increases risk
.
Your “definition of done” should include clean-up, too. Once the feature serves 100% of users with stable metrics, it shouldn’t exist in your codebase. Either archive it or remove it altogether.
Platforms like GrowthBook automatically surface stale flags. If a flag is untouched for more than 2 weeks and is disabled everywhere or routes all traffic to a single variant, it’ll show up in the dashboard. You can use Code References to pinpoint exactly where it is in your codebase.
Source
And then use the GrowthBook MCP server and
‘flag-cleanup’ GitHub skill
to clean it up without ever leaving your AI agent’s interface. Once you’re done cleaning up the stale flags, document it and move on to the next release.
Source
5 mistakes engineering teams make when decoupling deployment from release
Even though decoupling solves the issue of slow development, you still need strong governance in place to implement it effectively. Here are a few mistakes every engineering team should avoid while using feature flags for decoupling:
Leaving flags in the code indefinitely
It’s easy to create a flag, but it’s also just as easy to forget about it after you’re done releasing a new update or feature. The problem is that it’ll continue to quietly serve a single variant of the change to every user via a hidden conditional branch. That’s why you should continue to clean up stale flags once you’re done using them or at least every 90 days. Assign an owner and a removal date while you’re creating the flag to avoid this issue.
Skipping approval workflows in production
Without a proper approval workflow in place, there’s a good chance unauthorized users can create a flag that accidentally releases something. Gate production behind sign-off and let staging happen freely so that the risk lives in an environment where real users don’t experience the bug or a premature feature.
Using flags as permanent configuration
Feature flagging systems are usually built for even minor configuration changes, but the problem is that engineering teams assume that when they create the flag, they’ll eventually settle on one path and remove the other. In reality, that’s rarely the case. When you forget to clean up your flags or even switch off (if needed), that’s just not the case. That’s why we’ve seen incidents like the
Knight Capital accidental trading glitch
happen. If you are using feature flags as a permanent toggle, like with kill switches or toggles for location-based capabilities and plan-based tiers, mark it as permanent and document it. If it’s not permanent, it should have an expiry date.
Releasing without a rollback criterion
Before you flip the flag, define what “something went wrong” looks like for this specific feature. That means identifying the issues your users could experience and tying those issues to guardrail metrics that would degrade if the feature has problems. If you don’t, your users might experience severe app performance issues, while you won’t even know that something broke in production. Consider defining your guardrail metrics and their thresholds while creating flags, and use a Ramp Schedule (Safe Rollout) to monitor performance as you slowly
ramp up the rollout
.
Treating decoupling as an engineering-only win
Decoupling deployment from release is a cross-functional change, and that’s also why it’s a sociotechnical problem. In addition to engineers, even quality assurance (QA) teams and product managers are involved in the process, so each team needs to have the right level of access and visibility into the release. The goal is to give each team self-serve access to the data and controls they need. For example, product managers should be able to target segments and schedule releases, while QA teams should be able to monitor the metrics and roll back if needed. Ideally, you’re working with a platform that gives even non-technical users the right access to
make changes without writing code
.
It’s time to deploy continuously, but release features intentionally
Nobody decided to couple deployment and release. It was the default for the longest time, but that doesn’t mean it should continue to be.
You have tools like feature flags that help you decouple deployment from release successfully without breaking things. In fact, you can
ship fast
without
breaking things
. Deployment becomes a non-event, and release becomes a deliberate choice made by whoever’s closest to the customer.
That’s why the engineering teams that adopt feature flags improve deployment frequency while reducing change failure rates.
Curious how feature flags could improve your development process?
Try GrowthBook for free
today.
The Edge Podcast
Synthetic audiences meet real A/B tests at Principal Financial Group
August 18, 2026
Topics
The Edge Podcast
Release
The Edge Podcast
Featured
false
Body
Running an experiment is the easy part. The hard part is running one at a 150-year-old financial services company, where customer journeys stretch across months, risk tolerance sits near zero, and half the organization believes "we tried that years ago" settles the question.
That is the environment
Erika Dunn
works in every day. As assistant director of data science at
Principal Financial Group
, she built the company's experimentation center of excellence and, more recently, something most enterprise teams are still only reading about: synthetic digital audiences, built entirely in house, that just picked a winner in a live A/B test. On this episode of The Experimentation Edge, she walked host Ashley Stirrup through how it all works, and what experimentation leaders at any company can borrow from it.
From observational studies to clean 50/50 splits
Erika's path into experimentation started in quantitative psychology, which gave her the statistical grounding long before she had the corporate title. Her first job studied childhood obesity: observational work with no control groups, just trying to understand what happens when an intervention lands in the real world. At H&R Block, Adobe Analytics brought regular experimentation into the marketing space, and she realized the work she loved in her graduate program had a corporate career attached to it. Then came Amazon, where, as she put it, they can turn anything into an experiment. Eventually she landed at Principal, where she got to dig in and build her own center of excellence around a simple pair of questions: what is experimentation, and how do we share what it teaches us?
That range matters. Someone who has run studies with no control groups and clean web tests with 50,000 users in each arm knows exactly what rigor buys you, and what you lose without it.
When testing gets watered down
The biggest challenge Erika names is not tooling or statistics. It is vocabulary. In more than one company, she has watched testing get watered down as a concept, where "let's try out something" passes for an experiment even though nothing is controlled and nothing is compared. She is careful not to dismiss it: trying things means a team recognizes their ideas need contact with reality. But the difference between trying and testing is a control group, and getting people to appreciate the advantage of rigor takes time, intentionality, and sometimes money. Her core argument is that with just a little pre-planning, you get so much more out of every test.
The second enemy is tribal knowledge. Every organization has it: the insight that lives in one silo and never travels, or the confident claim that "we did that years ago." Ashley recalled a guest from Twitch who spent years being told pricing had already been tested and was off limits, until a rigorous retest showed a huge impact on the business. Erika hears the same pattern inside companies that are 60, 100, or in Principal's case 150 years old. Things change. The segment that ignored an offer three years ago is not today's segment, and a test that lost on the whole population may be a clear winner with high-revenue customers.
Her structural answer is a center of excellence where teams share experimentation wins and losses in one place. Losses are the important part. A visible record of what did not work, and when, is what turns "we tried that" from a conversation ender into a data point with a date on it.
Turning frustration into a metric
Erika's team supports Principal's marketing organization, where the goal is getting the right message to the right people across email and web. The data science advantage, as she describes it, is simple: come in with additional data, or help teams see the data they already have in a new way.
Two examples from the episode stand out. The first is content analysis. Her team broke marketing copy down with readability statistics, including reading level, sentence counts, nouns, verbs, and possessives, and correlated those features with how people responded. That gives content writers something concrete to think about beyond instinct.
The second is the looping metric, developed with her longtime collaborator Josh Ellington, who she is quick to credit. Built in SQL on top of existing web behavior data, it measures how many times a user winds up back at the same main page within tight time frames. When that ratio climbs, it flags desperation behavior: searching, backtracking, revisiting the same section over and over. The team confirmed the signal against session replay tools, and it holds. In tax services, looping predicts bounce. In finance, it predicts something quieter and more expensive: customers who slowly disengage from tools they find frustrating, dragging down engagement and retention over time.
The same discipline shows up in how the team handles assumptions. When they set a nine-second window between an email click and a website visit, it is because Josh dug into the data and found that is how long the trip actually takes. Not five minutes, because a lot can happen in five minutes, and the behavior you attribute across that gap may have nothing to do with your email. Keeping behaviors linked closely in time is unglamorous work, and it is the difference between data and noise.
Customers that look like your customers
The centerpiece of the conversation is Principal's synthetic digital audience program, which Erika describes, for better or worse, as completely Erika built. Drawing on her probabilistic Bayesian background, the system uses real customer data to drive a synthetic data normalization process, producing bell-curve populations of profiles that represent Principal's actual segments without using any real customer data. Each audience is tuned to a specific experimental space: the profiles look like the employer audience in that particular marketing domain, not like a generic average person.
The workflow is deliberately conservative. Before profiles are set loose on new material, they are trained on existing similar content so they replicate known response patterns. Then, through a gen AI process, the team asks each profile its likelihood of opening, clicking, or engaging with a piece of content. Partners can hand over 20 subject lines or banners and get back a ranked list. Teams that want to go wider can generate 50 AI-created variations and let AI duke it out against AI, without burning weeks of human review time.
Erika is precise about what the system does not do. It will not tell you what results to expect. It creates a priority process, narrowing a long list of ideas to the short list worth spending real traffic on. That distinction is what makes the program credible inside a risk-averse company, and it addresses two problems at once. It compresses time in a business where financial journeys are long and feedback is slow, and it creates a safe playground for teams whose tone has always been neutral to finally test new voices, new phrasings, and new content without betting a live campaign on them. As Erika puts it, an experimentation mindset requires that people cannot get punished for making mistakes. They need guardrails, and they need room to learn.
The first win, and three more in August
The credibility test came recently: the first traditional A/B test using a synthetic audience selection ran against a control, and it won. An earlier partner had already seen lift, but without a traditional test design, and Erika's team held their applause until the clean result landed. That partner, working with a small population and a small engagement window, had previously paid outside consultants without moving the needle. The in-house synthetic process is now outperforming that spend.
Three more tests launch in August, after a year spent helping teams across Principal build their audiences. The roadmap points toward agents: Erika sees synthetic audiences moving into agentic workflows, and more broadly, she sees AI helping teams answer the question she hears everywhere now that everyone finally has the data they asked for. We are drowning in information, so where should we experiment next? Her bet is that the next edge in experimentation is efficiency: agents that read your roadmap, your data, and your ideas, and point you at the gains you cannot see from deep in the weeds.
What this means for your experimentation program
Erika's playbook at Principal compresses into four moves any team can apply:
Draw the line between trying and testing.
A control group and a little pre-planning turn "let's try something" into an experiment worth learning from.
Turn behaviors you already log into metrics.
A looping metric built from existing web data found pain points no heat map had surfaced, and checked assumptions as basic as how long an email click takes.
Use synthetic audiences to prioritize, not replace, live tests.
Rank 20 ideas cheaply, then spend real traffic on the strongest, and confirm with a clean A/B lift before celebrating.
Share losses as loudly as wins.
A center of excellence with a visible record of failed tests is the only durable cure for "we did that years ago." None of this required buying a platform her company was not ready for. It required statistical rigor, creative metric design, and the patience to build trust one clean win at a time.
Ready to take control of your experimentation program?
Listen to the full episode of The Experimentation Edge
‍
The Edge Podcast
From bottleneck to self serve: scaling experimentation at US Bank
August 12, 2026
Topics
The Edge Podcast
Release
The Edge Podcast
Featured
false
Body
Running an experiment is the easy part. The hard part is running hundreds of them when every request routes through one central team, every customer interaction carries regulatory weight, and even a one percent gap in coverage is unacceptable.
That is the reality
Vijay Lal
manages every day. As Lead Product Manager for Experimentation at
US Bank
, he sits at the intersection of marketing partners who want to test everything, engineers who have to keep a banking platform secure, and customers who expect their login page to work every single time. On this episode of The Experimentation Edge, he walked through how a regulated bank scales experimentation without sacrificing rigor, and what product managers everywhere can take from it.
The bottleneck every experimentation program hits
Vijay's experimentation career started in 2016 at Comcast, after a redesign project for MassMutual convinced him that customer experience was where he wanted to build. At Comcast he supported sales and marketing teams running tests for prospective customers at enormous scale, on traffic volumes so large the platform itself had to be upgraded, with Adobe Analytics and Adobe Test & Target underneath.
Six and a half years later he moved to US Bank, into a similar role in a very different industry. Financial services is more regulated than telecom, and the stakes of a broken experience are higher. When money is involved, nobody gets to shrug off an error.
The problem he found is one nearly every experimentation program recognizes. Demand for experiments outgrew the central team's capacity to run them. Marketing partners wanted to test at a volume that Vijay's team could never cater to alone. Most organizations respond by hiring, queueing, or saying no.
Self serve, with guardrails
Vijay chose a fourth option: make the platform self serve. In his words, why not make it so that anyone who does not know anything about technology can start using the platform and run experiments for customers?
That decision sounds simple. Executing it is not, and Vijay was clear about where the real work lives:
Step 1: Simplify the complex.
An experimentation platform is not a simple tool. A friendly UI does not make experiment execution easy for people who are not proficient with the technology. The platform team's job is to compress that complexity into something a marketer can safely operate.
Step 2: Train continuously.
Technology evolves every month. New capabilities, platform upgrades, tool changes. Self serve only works if the people using the platform stay current, so training is not a launch activity, it is a standing commitment.
Step 3: Attach responsibility to capability.
Handing someone the power to put changes into a customer facing production environment is not a small thing. Every self serve user needs to understand the implications of what they ship, and guardrail metrics need to catch what they miss.
That last point is the one experimentation leaders should sit with. Democratization is not just access. It is access plus guardrails plus the knowledge of what the implications will be. Get all three right and a small central team can support an enormous testing program.
Every customer accounted for
The best story of the episode is about a login widget, and it shows what experimentation discipline looks like when the stakes are real.
US Bank's login widget historically loaded after the page finished loading. Vijay's team wanted it embedded, loading with the page, for a faster and cleaner experience. The complication: the login widget is one of the most secured components a bank has, because customers enter their user ID and password into it. Rebuilding how it loads meant working through security constraints, multiple technology partners, and an architecture where the component is delivered separately as an experience fragment.
Then testing surfaced a harder problem. For customers on slower internet connections, the embedded widget might not load properly. Most teams would look at the percentage affected and call it acceptable. Vijay's team did the opposite. In his words, every customer matters. Even if five percent of customers cannot see an experience, that is a big deal, and slippage of one or two percent is not acceptable.
The solution was elegantly simple: a fallback. Any customer whose page did not load within two seconds got a front end that looked the same, with the login widget displayed slightly differently, so it always worked. Every customer was accounted for in either control or challenger. No one fell through the cracks, the experiment stayed clean, and the security bar never moved.
There is a lesson here that goes beyond banking. Your users are on fast connections and slow ones, new devices and old ones. An experiment that only works for the top deciles of performance is not a complete experiment. Designing the fallback is part of designing the test.
Hypothesis first, metrics second
The third theme of the conversation is about how experiments get measured, and Vijay drew a sharp line between two approaches.
The traditional approach: a leader wants to run an experiment or ship a product, and a KPI gets attached to justify it. The modern approach: every experiment starts with a hypothesis, and the hypothesis drives the metrics. Not one metric in a silo, but a primary KPI for the immediate behavior, such as engagement on first visit, paired with secondary KPIs for what happens later, such as whether the customer is still engaged when they return.
Why does the order matter? Because metrics without a hypothesis can tell you what happened but never why. Vijay's example: data analysts can see customers rage clicking on a page and revenue falling. What the dashboard cannot say is that the button is disabled and the customer expects it to work. The hypothesis is what connects the number to the behavior behind it.
This also connects to a point Ashley raised about metric distance. The further a metric sits from the feature, the more noise other factors introduce. A North Star metric like revenue matters, but the experiment needs a goal metric close to the feature's immediate behavior, plus guardrail metrics to catch degraded experiences across segments, devices, and platforms that a topline average would hide.
What this means for your experimentation program
Vijay's approach at US Bank compresses into four moves any team can apply:
Make the platform self serve
so your central team stops being the bottleneck for testing velocity.
Pair capability with guardrail metrics
so non technical users can ship safely to production.
Design for every customer,
including the slow connections and edge cases, with fallbacks built into the experiment itself.
Start from the hypothesis,
then derive a primary KPI and secondary KPIs, rather than letting a leader's preferred number define the test. None of this requires a bank's budget. It requires treating experimentation as a product with users of its own, and treating rigor as non negotiable even when only one percent of customers is on the line. Especially then.
Ready to take control of your experimentation program?
Listen to the full episode of The Experimentation Edge
Guides
Feature Flags
Experiments
Why migrate from Statsig to GrowthBook
August 11, 2026
Topics
Guides
Feature Flags
Experiments
Release
Guides
Feature Flags
Experiments
Featured
true
Body
GrowthBook is the industry's only open-source, warehouse-native experimentation platform, giving you predictable pricing, full data ownership, and results you can verify. Here's why Statsig customers are switching to GrowthBook.
Statsig has changed hands twice in eight months. OpenAI acquired the company in September 2025, and founder Vijaye Raji became OpenAI's CTO of Applications. In May 2026, Amplitude took over the Statsig brand and customer base, while the engineering team that built Statsig stayed at OpenAI.
Statsig isn't the same company today that it was a year ago. We're hearing questions about who owns the roadmap, whether experimentation will stay a high priority within a broader analytics and self-improving product company, and who'll handle support with so many product experts gone. Amplitude has published a phased plan to converge the two products, which answers some questions and opens more. Whether to sign on or renew with Statsig is an open question for teams now.
GrowthBook is where many of them land. This post explains what GrowthBook offers, what the migration looks like in practice, and how to decide whether
GrowthBook compared to Statsig
makes sense for your team.
What is the GrowthBook open-source platform?
GrowthBook is an open-source
feature flag
,
experimentation
, and
product analytics
platform. It is the original warehouse-native platform, trusted by more than 3,000 companies, including Dropbox, Khan Academy, Upstart, Sony, and Wikipedia. It handles over 1 trillion feature flag lookups per day.
The
warehouse-native architecture
is the defining design choice. Rather than copying your data into its own system, GrowthBook queries your data where it already lives — Snowflake, BigQuery, Databricks, Redshift, ClickHouse, Postgres, and more. Analysis runs in your warehouse with read-only access. Every SQL query is visible. Every result is reproducible.
Warehouse-native architecture with GrowthBook Cloud connected to your application
That's the short version. The longer version explains why it matters when you're evaluating a replacement.
4 reasons product and engineering teams switch from Statsig to GrowthBook
1. Statsig's ownership, roadmap, and support have changed
Statsig is now a brand and customer base inside Amplitude, running on a perpetual non-exclusive license to tech whose original engineering team stayed at OpenAI. Amplitude has committed to maintaining it and published a plan for the product. That may work out great. But, it's a different plan than most Statsig customers made a bet on, so teams are asking about the roadmap, whether experimentation stays a priority in the broader company, and whether support relationships survive with the same quality.
GrowthBook is independent and remains focused on feature flagging and experimentation. We can't promise who will own us in ten years, but our core is MIT licensed, so every version you deploy stays yours to run and modify.
And because GrowthBook queries your warehouse with read-only credentials instead of ingesting your events, your event history and experiment data already sit in infrastructure you control. There is nothing to extract if the relationship ends. Raw PII never leaves your environment either, which for teams under GDPR, HIPAA, CCPA, COPPA or data residency requirements is operational, not philosophical.
Self-hosting
goes further, with zero external data egress and air-gapped deployments available for the most sensitive environments.
John Resig, Chief Software Architect at Khan Academy
, described exactly this concern: the ability to retain data ownership was, in his words, "very, very important," because most platforms require passing user data to a third-party service.
2. Statsig is expensive to scale
Statsig prices on events and traffic. That structure makes sense when you're running a handful of experiments on modest traffic. At scale, it penalizes the behavior you want to encourage: more experiments, more feature flags, more coverage.
Teams using Statsig often end up managing their experimentation volume to manage their bill — sampling down traffic, avoiding flagging minor changes, skipping experiments on low-stakes features. That's the opposite of a healthy experimentation culture.
GrowthBook uses
per-seat pricing
. A team that runs 10 experiments a month pays the same as one running 100. Feature flag evaluations don't generate a cost event. The experimentation
ROI calculator
can model your specific usage to show expected savings.
3. Statsig has limited visibility into underlying results
Statsig's statistics engine is proprietary. You can see the outputs, but not the logic that produced them. When a result is surprising, your options for investigation are limited to the interfaces Statsig exposes.
GrowthBook's engine is fully open source on
GitHub (8,000+ stars)
. Every calculation is inspectable. Every query is visible in your warehouse. If a result looks off, you can drill into the underlying SQL, check the raw data, and confirm or refute the calculation on your own terms.
Diego Accame, Director of Engineering at Upstart
, put it this way: "Our strength is as an AI-powered lending marketplace, not an experimentation framework company. GrowthBook lets us focus our resources where they matter most — on growing our core business."
That confidence comes partly from owning the infrastructure and partly from being able to verify what the infrastructure is doing.
4. Statsig has limited statistical depth
GrowthBook supports Bayesian, frequentist, and sequential testing, with CUPED variance reduction and post-stratification. Statsig supports a similar range, but without post-stratification and the ability to inspect or reproduce the calculations.
For
data science teams
that care about methodology — particularly at companies where an experiment result drives a significant product or business decision — the ability to validate the math is a meaningful advantage.
How to migrate from Statsig to GrowthBook
GrowthBook
ships a migration kit
specifically for Statsig customers, including an AI-powered assistant that can transform your existing codebase.
Here's what migrates:
Projects, teams, and tags
carry over cleanly, preserving your workspace organization so teams can keep working without rebuilding their context.
Feature gates from Statsig
map to GrowthBook feature flags, which support multiple environments, targeting rules, gradual rollouts, and instant kill switches.
SDKs migrate automatically
. The AI migration assistant points at your codebase and handles the transformation — feature gates, dynamic configs, and user attributes converted to GrowthBook equivalents. JavaScript, TypeScript, and React are supported today, with more coming.
This is the step that usually takes weeks; the assistant reduces it to minutes.
Experiments transfer,
including past experiments run on Statsig. You can generate custom reports from past Statsig experiments in GrowthBook, which preserves institutional knowledge.
Targeting rules transfer
with full visibility into conditions and rollouts. GrowthBook includes debugging tools that simulate flag values for specific audiences, making it straightforward to verify that migration behavior matches pre-migration behavior.
Safe rollouts remain
a first-class concept. GrowthBook supports gradual exposure with automatic monitoring of guardrail metrics, so regressions trigger alerts before they reach your full user base.
The SDKs themselves don't require replacement during migration. If you're moving from Statsig cloud to GrowthBook cloud, or from Statsig to self-hosted GrowthBook, your feature flag configuration and experiment setup carry over without requiring SDK changes or redeployment of your application code.
The full GrowthBook platform you're migrating to
Migration is the starting line, not the finish line. Here's what GrowthBook offers beyond Statsig feature parity.
Feature flagging that doesn't cost per evaluation
GrowthBook's feature flags run through
zero-network-call SDKs
. The SDK downloads a payload at startup and evaluates flags locally, so each flag evaluation adds sub-millisecond latency without generating a billable event. You can flag every feature in your product — including low-traffic, experimental, and internal-use features — without worrying about cost.
GrowthBook supports 24+ SDKs
: JavaScript, React, React Native, Node.js, Python, Ruby, Go, PHP, Java, Kotlin, Swift, and more. The Chrome debugger lets you inspect flag state and experiment assignment in real time without touching application code.
Experimentation with SQL you write and own
GrowthBook's metric system is SQL-first. You write metrics using your warehouse's SQL dialect, join against any tables in your schema, and apply whatever business logic your team uses. A metric for revenue per activated user might join your experiment assignment table to your payments table to your activation events — all using the same logic your data team uses everywhere else.
Forgot to add a metric before an experiment started? Add it retroactively. The data is already in your warehouse. Just define the metric and run the analysis against the historical assignment data.
Metrics can be standardized in a library, enabling every team to measure success consistently. They can be scoped to specific experiments or applied globally as guardrails.
Deployment on your terms
GrowthBook Cloud runs on AWS with automatic updates, encrypted data at rest and in transit, 99.99% uptime SLA at Enterprise tier, and SOC 2 Type II, ISO 27001, GDPR, COPPA, and CCPA compliance.
GrowthBook Self-Hosted runs on your infrastructure, choose any major cloud provider or on-premises, deployed with Kubernetes or any container platform. Same codebase. Same features. Same development roadmap. The only difference is who manages the infrastructure.
Many teams start on GrowthBook Cloud for the fastest path to running experiments, then migrate to self-hosted when compliance requirements or internal policy require it. GrowthBook's SDK and configuration structure don't change in that migration, so the transition preserves everything you've built.
If you don't have a data warehouse yet, GrowthBook's Managed Warehouse gives you a fully functional environment immediately, with the option to migrate to your own warehouse at any time.
AI-ready experimentation
Three of the five leading AI infrastructure companies use GrowthBook to test and optimize their products. The platform handles the non-deterministic, high-variance nature of AI feature testing well.
Sequential testing reduces
false positives
CUPED variance reduction accelerates decision-making
Fully custom SQL metrics capture what matters for AI outputs (task completion, output acceptance, engagement depth) rather than just clicks
The other half of AI readiness is whether your agents can operate the platform, not just whether the platform can test AI features.
With
GrowthBook 5.0,
we shipped
25 open-source agent skills
covering flags, experiments, and product analytics. Each is a readable Markdown playbook for a single task (
flag-create
,
flag-ramp
,
experiment-design
,
experiment-analyze
), so an agent follows your order of operations instead of inventing its own. They install through your agent's plugin system and run without an MCP server. A rebuilt CLI covers 100% of the REST API, and
the MCP server
is there for Cursor, Claude Code, and other MCP clients that want it.
The part that matters for adoption is what happens when an agent gets it wrong. Agent changes land as drafts for a teammate to review rather than as live tests, inside the same approval policies and audit trail your team already uses. Deletes take two steps. Analysis skills are read-only. And you can read any skill before you run it, then fork it if your review process differs.
Getting started for free
You can evaluate GrowthBook without a contract or commitment. The migration kit, including the AI-powered SDK migration assistant, is available immediately.
The practical starting path for most teams:
Connect GrowthBook to your data warehouse
. Pre-built SQL templates get you to first results without custom data engineering. Customize from there.
Run the AI migration assistant against your codebase
. It transforms Statsig feature gates to GrowthBook equivalents and generates a diff for your team to review.
Import your Statsig experiments
. Historical results carry over so you don't lose the record of what you've learned.
Start your first GrowthBook experiment
. The Chrome debugger and visual editor make the first experiment accessible to non-engineers.
The decision to switch to GrowthBook
If your team depends on Statsig and the OpenAI and Amplitude acquisitions raise questions you can't yet get answered, about roadmap continuity, company priorities, and who supports you through a transition, then GrowthBook is the switch that costs the least to evaluate and offers the most structural independence.
Open source lets you inspect and audit what you're running. Warehouse-native architecture gives you data ownership that doesn't depend on a vendor relationship. Per-seat pricing gives you the freedom to run more experiments without watching a meter.
The migration kit makes the practical barriers manageable. The question is whether the reasons to switch outweigh the friction of switching. For most Statsig customers evaluating the post-acquisition landscape, that math is becoming clearer.
Ready to get started?
Schedule a consultation →
Estimate your savings →
Read the GrowthBook vs. Statsig comparison →
‍
The Edge Podcast
Farfetch's case for building your own experimentation platform
August 10, 2026
Topics
The Edge Podcast
Release
The Edge Podcast
Featured
false
Body
Buying an experimentation tool is the easy part. The hard part is admitting when that tool costs more than it teaches you.
Luis Trindade
has watched that math play out from the inside. He joined
Farfetch
twelve years ago as employee 700, just as the luxury marketplace opened its second tech hub in Lisbon. The company grew to 7,000 people worldwide, was acquired by Coupang, and refocused on the marketplace that connects luxury boutiques and brands to customers in markets Amazon has tried and failed to crack. Through all of it, Luis built the experimentation program that now runs a couple hundred experiments a month in low season, on a platform Farfetch built entirely in house.
On
The Experimentation Edge
, Ashley Stirrup asked Luis how that happened and what it cost. The answer is a case study in
build versus buy
, and in the difference between owning a testing tool and running an experimentation program.
Listen to the full episode
A hybrid setup that stopped making sense
Early Farfetch looked like most companies at hyper growth. Engineering ran tests on a tool it had implemented itself. Marketing used an external vendor because that was the tool it could get access to. Some teams did not know
experimentation
capabilities existed at all.
"How could we make sure that we talked the same language all as a company?" Luis asked. His answer was organizational before it was technical. Farfetch stood up an experimentation center of excellence, but rejected the standard version of one from day one. "Let's wait for somebody to ask us to execute for them and deliver just the results. I never believed on that," he said. The center would enable teams to run their own experiments, not run experiments for them.
On the engineering side, that meant Fabs, the Farfetch A/B testing system. Split engine, setup engine, stats engine, all built internally, layered on top of an omni-tracking system designed to follow a customer across web, app, and even into physical boutiques. For a while, Fabs ran alongside the external vendor that marketing used, a hybrid arrangement many companies would recognize.
Then the bill for the hybrid came due. The injected JavaScript hurt page performance. The results were inconsistent. And the team was already doing rework to pull data back internally for the deep dives the vendor could not provide. "Especially with tools that are based on JavaScript and code injection, they break a lot," Luis said. "They create inconsistent results." For a tech heavy company at Farfetch's maturity level, the external tool had become pure overhead. They phased it out and consolidated everything on Fabs 2.0.
One door for every experiment
The most distinctive choice in Fabs 2.0 is architectural. Farfetch's feature toggling system is the only entry point for running an experiment at the company. Every test, from any team, goes through it.
This is not a typical
feature flag
setup with on and off key values. The toggling system is deeply interconnected with Farfetch's segmentation service, benefits service, and user systems, which means teams can define exactly who sees what and when, then connect that definition to a randomized split. It also plugs into the CMS, the recommendation system, and the messaging systems, so marketing and content teams run their own experiments with full control and zero code injection.
The single door did more than clean up the architecture. It gave every team the same language. A single hypothesis template is used across the company. Weekly experimentation clinics, which Luis describes as group therapy sessions, put hypotheses in front of peers to be challenged before they ship. A monthly test and learn session opens the results to everyone from junior developers to C level executives. New joiners upskill just by sitting in the room.
That is where the center of excellence spends its effort now. The central team has shrunk over time while experiment volume keeps growing, and Luis considers that the point. "Practices, for you to be good, you need to practice, practice and repeat," he said. Roughly 80 percent of his time goes to enablement: ceremonies, coaching, and the shared knowledge base of learnings.
The metric Farfetch refuses to manage by
Ask most experimentation leaders about their win rate and you will get a number. Ask Luis and you get a shrug. "Oh, what is your winning rate? We don't even track it," he said. It exists on a dashboard somewhere. Nobody manages by it.
Instead, Farfetch rebranded the outcome of every experiment, in the tooling itself. The question is not whether a test won or lost. It is whether the team was able to learn from it, yes or no. "A failure is actually a test that was badly set up, wrong metrics, created many biases like sampling biases," Luis said. "That was a failure test. All the other tests are opportunities to learn."
The target that follows is unusual: a learning rate of 100 percent, meaning zero failed tests. A disproven hypothesis is not a failure. It is money the company did not spend on an idea that was not worth pursuing, and teams are encouraged to announce that proudly.
The reframe matters because it changes what people are willing to test. When losing counts against you, teams protect safe hypotheses. When learning is the metric, they bring their riskiest, most interesting ideas to the clinic.
Two years to beat the market leader
The hardest test of that philosophy came from Luis's own area. Farfetch was paying the world's leading recommendation engine vendor while sitting on a lake of behavioral data the vendor could never fully use. Strategically, the company wanted the dependency gone. So the team built its own engine, called Inspire.
"Surprise, at the beginning, it was completely losing against the world leader of recommendations," Luis said.
A strict fail fast reading says kill it. Farfetch did not, because the vision was strategic rather than tactical. What the team refused to do was run the bet blind. Every additional dollar spent on Inspire had to be justified while the vendor contract was still being paid, so the team ran hundreds of small, quick, directional iterations: A/B tests where volume allowed, quasi experiments where it did not, qualitative insight wherever it sharpened the picture.
"We all have a tool belt of experimental tools that you can use. All of them are valid," Luis said. "We just need to understand the different capabilities of them and their limitations."
Around the halfway mark of what became a two year effort, the tide shifted. Inspire started winning. Farfetch increased its investment, phased out the vendor, and today the engine powers recommendations across the business. Even accounting for full maintenance costs, the economics compensated.
"Strategy is key when we are doing experimentation," Luis said. "But at the same time, we need to do it in multiple and small, quick learning iterations." Keep the vision fixed. Let the iterations decide the path.
When building is the right call
Luis is not dogmatic about building. His own caveat: "I would not recommend to do this for a company that is not core for them to have a tech team." Farfetch is a product and technology company by DNA, with the maturity to maintain a statistical engine, a tracking layer, and a toggling system as first class products. For a company without that core, the same decision could be a costly mistake.
The honest version of build versus buy is not about features. It is about whether the platform is strategic to your business, whether you have a data advantage to exploit, and whether the
hidden costs of an external tool
, in performance, control, and rework, exceed the visible cost of engineering time.
Steps to take from Farfetch's playbook
Audit what your external testing tools actually cost. Count page performance, inconsistent results, and every hour spent pulling your own data back for analysis.
Route every experiment through
one entry point
. A single door creates a single language, and a single language is what makes learnings transferable between teams.
Measure learning rate, not win rate. Define failure narrowly as bad experimental design, and celebrate disproven hypotheses as avoided spend.
Give strategic bets a longer clock. Use quick directional iterations to decide whether to keep investing, and reserve fail fast for tactics, not vision.
Spend your central team on ceremonies, not execution. Clinics, shared templates, and open review sessions scale further than a service desk ever will.
Ready to take control of your experimentation program?
Start for free
or
book a demo.
Experiments
Analytics
Sample ratio mismatch (SRM): how to identify the root cause and decide whether to restart your experiment
August 7, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Analytics
Release
Experiments
Analytics
Featured
true
Body
The experiment you spent weeks making the case for is finally live. It runs its planned two weeks, the treatment comes out ahead, and you open the results to write up the win. At the top of the page sits a warning: sample ratio mismatch detected.
That sample ratio mismatch (SRM) warning means the observed traffic split doesn't match the one you configured, and until you know why, you can't trust the
experiment results
.
Diagnosing an SRM is much harder than detecting it. The root cause can sit anywhere from assignment to how the data gets processed and analyzed. This article covers
the 5 types of SRM and how to prevent them
, then walks through the investigation step by step: how to isolate the cause and how to decide if the experiment can be saved.
What is sample ratio mismatch, and why does it matter?
A sample ratio mismatch is a statistically significant gap between the traffic split you configured and the split your experiment produced. If you implemented a 50/50 test and the realized allocation is far enough from 50/50 that chance can't explain it, you have an SRM. For example, if a 50/50 test with a few thousand users in each arm comes back 45/55, that gap is far too large to be chance.
Even the most mature experimentation programs experience SRMs. For example, roughly
6% of experiments at Microsoft
had SRM issues and
LinkedIn has reported rates around 10%
for some kinds of experiments.
Random assignment is what makes an
A/B test
valid. It guarantees the groups are comparable, so a metric difference can be attributed to the treatment rather than to who ended up in each group. Whatever caused the mismatch added or removed users non-randomly, which introduces bias.
For example, a slower treatment loses users who bounce before the exposure event fires. Those impatient users drop out of the treatment group, but their counterparts stay in the control group. The treatment group is left with more patient, engaged users than the control, so its metrics look better even if the treatment didn’t have an effect. The result is a
false positive
.
A
chi-squared goodness-of-fit test
detects an SRM by comparing the observed unit counts to the expected ones and returning a
p-value
, the probability of seeing an imbalance this large or larger if the samples were randomized correctly. GrowthBook runs this
check automatically
on every experiment. The test tells you an SRM exists. The rest of this guide is about finding out why.
The 5 types of sample ratio mismatch
Every SRM traces back to one of 5 types. This grouping is based on the taxonomy from
a 2019 study of experiments run by four companies
, which classified SRM root causes by the experiment stage where they enter. The diagnostic steps below tell you which type you have.
1. Assignment SRMs
With assignment SRMs, the randomization assigns users to variations in the wrong proportions, before any data is collected. Causes include a biased randomization function, eligibility criteria applied unevenly across variations, a hash attribute (the identifier used for bucketing) that's empty for some users, and 2 concurrent experiments whose bucketing isn't independent (users from one arm of the first test cluster into one arm of the second). Running an
A/A test
on a new experiment surface catches most of these before a real experiment depends on them.
2. Exposure logging SRMs
When users are assigned correctly, but not all of them get recorded, you have an exposure logging SRM. This is one of the most common types of SRM, because assignment often happens server-side while the tracking event (in GrowthBook, the SDK's `trackingCallback`) fires client-side. Because bots, ad blockers, and users who bounce before a page loads often prevent tracking code from executing, some users are assigned to an experiment but never recorded. This creates a data imbalance (SRM) if the experiment’s variations cause these issues at different rates. For example, a slower variation loses more users to bounces before the tracking event can fire. Firing the exposure event from the backend, before any variation-specific code runs, is
the most reliable way to prevent this
.
3. Analysis and filtering SRMs
The data is collected correctly, but the analysis drops users unevenly, usually through a filter such as an activation metric, which limits the analysis to users who reach a certain event. If the treatment changes who reaches that event, the filter removes more users from one arm than the other. Choosing activation metrics the treatment can't influence prevents most of these.
4. Data processing SRMs
The exposure data is right and the analysis is configured correctly, but rows for one variation get dropped or duplicated in the pipeline, by a faulty join, a deduplication step, or bot filtering. Monitoring how many units each join and filter drops per variation catches these early.
5. Interference SRMs
Someone or something acts on the running experiment itself. A variation's traffic percentage gets changed mid-run, an internal team assigns itself into a variant, or an attacker submits injection strings through a form field that gets recorded in your telemetry, corrupting events in whichever variation they were assigned to. Alerts on changes to running experiments prevent most interference from your own team.
How to identify the root cause of an SRM
Identifying the root cause of an SRM is a process of systematically ruling things out. Each step below eliminates one or more causes or points directly at the culprit. Go through each step in order, because each result tells you what to look for in the next step.
Step 1: Confirm the SRM is unexpected
Not every SRM warning points to a data-quality problem. There are 2 configuration issues you can try and rule out right away.
Check that your metric matches the assignment grain
An SRM warning can be caused by metric choice rather than the experiment. A metric needs to be built at the grain you randomized, meaning its denominator counts the same unit, and it uses the same identifier.
Sessions per user, for example, is fine in a user-randomized experiment, because the denominator is users, and users are what the randomization balanced. Conversion rate per session is not, because its denominator is sessions, a unit the randomization didn't balance. A variation that changes how often visitors return generates more sessions in one arm. The session counts diverge for a legitimate reason, but the divergence still triggers an SRM warning.
The same thing applies to identifiers. Randomization only balances the specific identifier you use for hashing. If your metric relies on a different identifier, it may count units that weren’t part of the original randomization. For example, if you randomize by user ID but your metric tracks anonymous ID (common for pre-login events), a single user could map to multiple anonymous IDs. Since these IDs aren’t guaranteed to split evenly across variations, your groups will be imbalanced.
In either case, you need to rebuild the metric on the unit you actually randomized and rerun the analysis.
Check whether the experiment was altered mid-run
Editing the assignment ratio or targeting, or starting a new phase without re-randomizing, can also cause the imbalance on its own. If that's what happened, there are 2 solutions, and the choice depends on the data collected before the change:
End the analysis at the point of the change:
Choose this option when the truncated experiment still satisfies your experimental design. Cutting an experiment short can violate the experimental design in ways that bias or weaken the result. For example, ending mid-week introduces day-of-week bias, an incomplete business cycle changes which users you capture, and a smaller sample can leave the test underpowered.
Re-randomize and restart the experiment:
This is the only solution when the data collected before the change doesn't satisfy the experimental design.
If the metric matches the assignment grain and the experiment wasn't altered mid-run, the imbalance is unexplained. Move on to the next step.
Step 2: Determine whether the SRM is isolated or systemic
An SRM can be systemic or specific to one experiment. It's systemic when other live experiments show SRM warnings at the same time, or when an
A/A test
(an experiment that serves the same experience to both arms) shows one. Systemic problems live in infrastructure shared across experiments, such as the assignment system, the tracking code, or the data pipeline. Comparing experiments identifies systemic problems much faster than debugging a single experiment. GrowthBook runs the same SRM check on every experiment, so checking your other recent experiments for warnings only takes a few minutes.
Several experiments show an SRM at once:
The cause is likely in shared infrastructure, not in any single experiment, so start the investigation there. The 2019 study describes
a bug in Microsoft's assignment service
, which randomized users into 1,000 buckets that each held 0.1% of traffic. The bug gave the control one bucket fewer than the configured split called for, so every 50/50 test on the platform ran at 49.9/50. An A/A test surfaced it.
Only this experiment shows an SRM:
The cause is local to this experiment's setup, data, or treatment. Continue to the next step.
Step 3: Read the severity and direction of the SRM
Severity describes how far the observed split sits from the one you configured, and direction describes which arm is missing units. In GrowthBook, the
Health Tab's balance check
shows observed and expected units side-by-side for each variation so you quickly identify both.
The imbalance is small but statistically significant:
The cause is likely narrow, like a bug that affects a specific browser or a brief tracking outage.
The imbalance is large:
Causes this big tend to be structural, like a redirect that fails for a whole variation or a tracking event missing from one code path.
The treatment arm is short:
Treatment users are being lost before they're counted. This usually means an exposure or performance problem, like a slower variation where users bounce before the tracking event fires.
One arm is at or near zero:
The exposure event or trigger isn't firing for that arm at all, and there is probably a telemetry problem that needs to be fixed.
Step 4: Pinpoint when the SRM started
The timing of the imbalance separates causes that were present at launch from causes that arrived later. GrowthBook's
Health Tab
plots units by the date they were first exposed.
Present from day one:
Assignment or exposure logging broke before anyone entered the experiment.
Appears mid-run:
Something changed partway through the experiment. Check for things like a targeting change, a delayed variation start, or a change to the data source behind the experiment.
Strongest on day one, then fades:
A rollout effect is usually the cause here. For example, one variation starting a few hours late or cached pages serving the old experience until the cache expires. Users who joined the experiment during that window end up in one arm disproportionately, but the gap closes as more units accumulate.
Step 5: Segment the data to localize the SRM
Many SRMs can be localized by comparing data: the filtered analysis against the unfiltered exposure counts, and the population broken down by segment. Use what you learned in the previous investigation steps to decide where to look first.
The SRM appears only in the triggered or filtered view, not in the unfiltered exposure counts:
The filter is likely the cause and the problem is in the analysis.
Activation metrics that sit downstream of the treatment
are a common culprit, because a slower or heavier variation can reduce how many users reach the activation event.
The imbalance originates in one dimension:
The cause is something that varies with that specific population rather than the experiment as a whole. For example, if one browser has an SRM while the rest are fine, you probably have an implementation bug in that browser. GrowthBook's
Health Tab
makes it easy to break units down by the dimensions you’ve defined.
Most dimensions have typical causes to check for:
Browser:
Ad blockers or tracking-prevention features block the exposure event in that browser.
Device:
An SDK bug affects one app version, or slower devices lose users before the event fires.
Region:
Consent requirements suppress tracking for some users, or bot traffic concentrates in one geography.
Channel:
A campaign link sends users directly into one variation, bypassing randomization.
New vs. returning users:
An imbalance concentrated among returning users points to a feedback loop, like a treatment that changes how often users return and re-enter the experiment.
Login status:
Signing in mid-experiment switches a user from an anonymous ID to a user ID, which can hash into a different variation, so the user is re-assigned, double-counted, or removed by the multiple-exposure filter, which excludes users who were seen in more than one variation.
The login-status case only skews the split when the treatment changes how often users sign in, like a checkout that requires an account. With an uneven split like 90/10, the multiple-exposure filter compounds the loss. A re-evaluated user from the small arm usually lands in the large arm and gets removed, while large-arm users mostly re-hash into the same arm and are never flagged.
Localizing the SRM also tells you which subject matter expert in your company to reach out to, because they can often explain what happened faster than further analysis will. For example, if there are more organic search visitors in one variation of a
URL redirect test
, your SEO manager may know that Google indexed that variation's URL, so searchers land on it directly, bypassing randomization. Or if an imbalance is limited to one app version, the lead engineer can quickly check if a recent release affected exposure logging.
Step 6: Compare performance and engagement metrics
Comparing performance and engagement across the arms separates a treatment-driven difference from an instrumentation one. In GrowthBook, if you track load time or errors as
guardrail metrics
, they will be visible alongside your goal metrics in the results table.
The treatment arm is short with worse load times, or long with better ones:
The treatment's performance change is altering who gets recorded, causing selection bias. A variation that adds 800ms of load time loses its most impatient users before the exposure event fires, while one that gets faster gains users instead. Either way, the two groups are no longer comparable.
Engagement per user differs between arms:
The direction tells you who is missing. A higher average in the short arm means less-engaged users are being lost, which points to bounces or tracking loss. A lower average means the most-engaged users are being removed, which points to filtering, like a bot detector catching heavy users.
Step 7: Inspect the data pipeline
If nothing upstream explains the imbalance, the cause is likely in the data pipeline itself. Between the raw tracking events and the results table, the data passes through steps that join, filter, and deduplicate it, and any of those steps can drop or duplicate rows for one variation. To locate the faulty step, count the units per variation after each one. The first step where the split becomes imbalanced is the one introducing the SRM. In GrowthBook, the
experiment assignment query
defines how units are counted, so start there.
Your own count doesn't match the platform's:
Counting units per variation directly from the raw events table checks every filter, join, and date window your experiment platform's queries apply. If your count is balanced and the platform's isn't, the bug is in those queries. If your count is imbalanced too, the loss likely happened before the warehouse, which points back to exposure logging.
The split is balanced entering a step and skewed after it:
The imbalance is entering at that point in the pipeline, so inspect the step's logic directly. For example, if the raw exposure events are balanced but the counts skew after a join that stitches anonymous IDs to user IDs, that join is dropping or duplicating rows for one variation. This is the login-status pattern from Step 5, seen at the query level.
Records that failed to join skew toward one arm:
An inner join drops rows with no match on the other side, and nothing in the output indicates it happened. If the dropped rows come disproportionately from one variation, that asymmetric loss is likely the cause of your SRM. Filters deserve the same scrutiny. Count how many units each filter excludes from each variation and check whether the exclusions are balanced.
The identifier in your queries doesn't match the hash attribute your SDK randomizes on:
The units being counted are not the units that were assigned. This is the same mismatch from metric check in Step 1, seen from the warehouse side instead. GrowthBook's
Multiple Exposures warning
will usually appear alongside the SRM warning when it happens.
How to decide whether to restart your experiment
Once you've identified the cause of your SRM, there are 3 possible outcomes: recover the result, restart the experiment, or salvage a directional insight. Which outcome applies depends on whether the correct data exists and whether the treatment itself changed which units were counted.
Recover the result
If the raw events were logged correctly and a processing step created the SRM, you can fix that step, rerun the analysis, and keep the result. A bot filter that removed real users, a faulty join, or a misconfigured analysis filter all fall into this category.
The 2019 study
describes a case just like this where an SRM was traced to a bot filter that had removed the most-engaged treatment users. Once the filter was corrected, the experiment showed a statistically significant win, and no rerun was needed.
Restart the experiment
If the correct data was never captured, or the treatment changed the underlying population, no reprocessing brings the lost units back, and you have to restart. An exposure event that never fired for one arm, or a slower variation that lost users from one arm faster than the other, both leave you with groups that aren't comparable. Before you restart, fix the root cause first and re-randomize with a new salt (the value that seeds the hashing function). In GrowthBook, that means
creating a new phase
with re-randomization or starting a fresh experiment, so users from the first run are independently reassigned instead of carrying their old assignments forward, which would introduce carryover bias. You’ll also want to restart when the imbalance is severe and the cause remains unidentified because with an unknown bias direction, neither a win nor a loss can be trusted.
Salvage a directional insight
If the cause is unrelated to user characteristics (like an issue with how units were allocated to buckets), or external and time-bounded (like a one-day bot spike that doesn't coincide with the movement in your metrics), you can sometimes treat the result as directional evidence. Document your reasoning before making decisions on any SRM-affected number so readers know it’s directional.
SRM diagnosis table
Every row below maps to a step or decision above, so you can either follow the investigation in order or jump to the observation that matches what you're seeing.
Observation
Likely cause
What to do
Multiple experiments show SRMs at the same time, or an A/A test shows one
Systemic issue in shared infrastructure: assignment, tracking, or the data pipeline
Debug the shared infrastructure rather than the experiment
One arm has close to zero units
The exposure event never fired for that arm
Fix the instrumentation and restart. The data was never captured
SRM is present from day one with a correct configuration
Assignment or exposure logging broke at launch: a biased randomization function, uneven eligibility, an empty hash attribute, or lost tracking events
Fix the assignment or logging issue and restart
SRM appears mid-experiment
A mid-run change to the assignment ratio, targeting, or data source
End the analysis at the change if the truncated experiment still satisfies the design. Otherwise, re-randomize and restart
SRM is only in the triggered or filtered view, not in the unfiltered exposure counts
Analysis: an activation metric or filter downstream of the treatment
If the raw events were logged correctly, fix the filter and recover. Otherwise, restart
SRM is confined to one segment, such as a browser, device, region, channel, login status, or returning users
Tracking that depends on browser features, a failing redirect, caching, a campaign link that forces one variation, an identifier switch at sign-in, or a treatment that changes how often users return
Fix for that segment. Recover if the raw events were captured, or restart if they weren't
The treatment arm is short with worse load times, or long with better ones
The treatment's performance change altered which units were counted
Restart. The groups aren't comparable
The split is balanced in the raw events but skewed after a processing step, or your own count disagrees with the platform's
Data processing: a join, deduplication, or filter bug
Reprocess the corrected data and recover
The imbalance traces to a brief external event that doesn't coincide with the metric movement
An external or user-independent cause, such as a one-day bot spike
Salvage a directional insight and document your reasoning
The imbalance is severe and no root cause was found
Unknown
Restart. The result is not trustworthy in either direction
How GrowthBook helps you find and fix SRMs
GrowthBook's
experimentation platform
automates several of the steps in this investigation. Every experiment gets an automatic
SRM check
, so you learn about an imbalance without having to run the test yourself. The
Health Tab
covers 2 of the quickest steps directly: traffic over time to see when the imbalance started, and traffic by dimension to identify which segment is affected. A
Pre-Exposure Bias Check
flags when the groups already differed before the experiment started, and
Multiple Exposures detection
surfaces the hash-attribute mismatches that often cause SRMs. These run alongside a larger set of
data quality checks
that run on every analysis. When you've found the cause of an SRM, the
troubleshooting guide
provides guidance on how to address the most common ones, and because the
stats engine is open source
, you can read exactly how any check is computed.
If you want these health checks running on your experiments by default,
try GrowthBook for free
.
‍
The Edge Podcast
Fabian Hans of Cogniteer on why deep dives beat mass produced tests
July 31, 2026
Topics
The Edge Podcast
Release
The Edge Podcast
Featured
false
Body
Running an experiment is the easy part. The harder part is knowing which experiment is worth running at all, and understanding why it wins or loses when it does. That distinction sits at the center of a recent episode of The Experimentation Edge, where host Ashley Stirrup spoke with Fabian Hans, founder and behavioral psychologist at Cogniteer, a consultancy that helps enterprises build in-house experimentation programs and raise both their testing velocity and their win rate.
Hans is unusual among the show's guests. Most are practitioners inside a single company. He works across many, which gives him a wide view of where experimentation programs go right and where they quietly go wrong. The pattern he keeps returning to is a warning to anyone scaling a testing program: it is easy to produce more tests, and much harder to produce more understanding.
🎧 Listen to the full episode →
Who is Fabian Hans?
Hans got into conversion rate optimization the way a lot of strong practitioners do, by accident and by being honest. Fifteen years ago he applied for an online marketing role and was asked, as a small test, what he thought of the company's website. He told them plainly that he did not like it, and gave specific reasons why. They hired him as a CRO manager before he had the vocabulary for the title.
From there he built an agency, then moved in-house for the depth that agency work rarely allows, and four years ago founded Cogniteer. Today the company helps enterprises stand up their own experimentation programs, increase test velocity, and improve win rate, drawing on Hans's background in behavioral psychology to understand not just what users do, but why.
The trap of mass-produced tests
The agency years taught Hans what not to do. With many clients and little time, his team fell into a familiar habit: if a test had won somewhere, they assumed it would win somewhere else, and rolled it out again. "It ended up that all of the clients got the same tests," he said. "It's a
mass production of tests
. And I did not like this approach."
The clearest example was a single line his team added to the basket: your items are not reserved. "It's one line. It's super easy to develop. It's psychology. It sells well to the clients. And we had a 50% win rate with that," Hans said. On paper, that is a great result. In practice, running the same idea for the hundredth time stopped teaching him anything. "You're losing the passion for it if you always do the same things over and over," he said.
That is the quiet cost of copy-paste experimentation. The win rate can look healthy while the learning goes to zero. Hans went in-house, and later built Cogniteer, precisely to trade breadth for depth: fewer clients, deeper understanding of each one's users, and tests
designed to answer a specific question
rather than repeat a familiar template. Mass-produced tests can raise velocity. Only deep understanding reliably raises win rate.
Most ecommerce drop-offs are structural
One reason the same tests keep reappearing is that the same problems keep reappearing. Across most ecommerce shops, Hans sees identical leaks: a high drop-off in the basket, and another on the product detail page. His counterintuitive point is that these are usually not your fault. "That is not because of the company or of the product," he said of basket abandonment. "It's just shopping." In roughly 80% of the shops he sees, the same issues show up simply because it is ecommerce.
The deeper cause is a mismatch between the product and the channel. Online shopping, as Hans notes, effectively started with Amazon selling books, and books are easy to sell on a screen because you can judge the content and the cover. Most other products are harder. A washing machine looks identical to every other washing machine in a photo, so the image barely influences the decision, and buyers care about features like capacity and water use instead. Fashion is the opposite, where style and design carry the decision and the picture is the point. And some products resist the screen entirely. "Perfume, you cannot sell online, because you need to smell it first," he said. Other products need to be touched.
For experimentation teams, the lesson is to diagnose before optimizing. Before testing a new basket layout, it is worth asking whether the drop-off is a genuine interface problem or the structural reality of selling something the screen cannot fully represent. That framing changes what you test and what you expect a test to fix.
Match the interface to how people actually buy
If the first job is understanding the product, the second is understanding the buyer, and Hans is emphatic that not all buyers are the same. One client asked Cogniteer to help win more new customers. The business was built on habit buying, where customers return regularly to restock, much like buying the same groceries every week. The page was perfect for that returning user, who wants to come in, press a button, and leave. It was almost useless for a first-time buyer, who needs information to decide whether the product is even right for them. "All the information is not accessible," Hans said. "New users don't convert because they are confronted with the transactional element way too early."
The fix was not a better page but a personalized one. New users are given the context they need before buying, while returning users keep the fast, transactional path they prefer. Same product, two interfaces, matched to two very different states of knowledge.
The same principle reshaped a B2B client selling water dispensers. In B2B, Hans explained, the buying behavior is different: someone is handed a budget and asked to find a fitting solution, then gather offers to bring to a manager. They do not want to browse a catalog and guess which product suits a thousand-person office or a factory. So Cogniteer removed the shop interface and replaced it with a finder, a short survey that ends by proposing a solution and inviting the buyer to request an offer. It reframed the page from a product catalog into a lead-generation tool, and conversion rose sharply. Sometimes the highest-impact change is deleting the thing everyone assumed the page needed.
Why this matters for experimentation teams
Underneath all three stories is the same argument. The biggest obstacle to a strong experimentation program is rarely tooling. Hans notes that AI is already dissolving the old developer-resource constraint through prompt-based experimentation. The stubborn obstacle is understanding: understanding the product, the buyer, and the specific problem worth solving. Ask five people what is wrong with a website and you get five answers, and in-house teams often lose the outside perspective that a first-time user brings.
That is why
deep dives
beat mass-produced tests. A program built on genuine understanding of user behavior does not just ship more experiments, it ships better questions, protects the metrics that actually drive decisions, and learns something whether a test wins or loses. Velocity without understanding produces motion. Understanding paired with velocity produces a program that compounds.
For product, data, and engineering teams building that kind of program, the tooling should get out of the way so the thinking can take center stage. That is the problem GrowthBook is built to handle, connecting experimentation to your existing data warehouse with a statistics engine your team can actually trust. Explore the open-source platform and start for free at growthbook.io.
Listen to the full conversation with Fabian Hans on The Experimentation Edge, and consider where repetition may have quietly replaced understanding in your own testing program.
Experiments
Data Science
Variance reduction in A/B testing: 5 techniques to increase experiment sensitivity
July 30, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Data Science
Release
Experiments
Data Science
Featured
true
Body
Big experimental wins are rare. On a mature product, most of what you test produces a small effect. Across 1,450 experiments on Microsoft's Bing,
most changes moved their target metric by a fraction of a percent
. An effect that small is hard for a standard
A/B test
to detect. The treatment may be moving the metric, but the effect is small relative to its natural variation, and the sample isn't large enough to separate signal from noise, especially when the change reaches only a fraction of the user base. Without variance reduction, experiments like these often end up underpowered, with no significant result and a decision left to judgment rather than evidence.
To detect an effect that small, the experiment has to be more sensitive. Sensitivity is its ability to detect an effect when one exists, and short of waiting for a larger sample to accrue, the only input you can change is the variance of the metric itself. When that variance comes down, the same sample detects a smaller effect, or the same effect sooner.
This is a practitioner's guide to 5 variance reduction techniques in
experimentation
: metric choice, winsorization, CUPED, post-stratification, and triggered analysis. Each section covers how the technique works and the trade-off that comes with it. They're ordered from the simplest to the most complex, and, at the end, there's a decision framework for which to try first.
Why variance is slowing your tests down
Variance slows your tests down because a noisier metric needs a larger sample to separate a real effect from chance, and a larger sample takes longer to collect. Required sample size scales linearly with the variance of the metric, so halving the variance roughly halves the time to significance and tightens the confidence interval you end up with.
Most of that variance has nothing to do with your experiment. The signal you're after is the effect of your change. The noise is everything else. A user who was always going to spend $400 this month sits in the same dataset as one who was always going to spend $4, and that variation exists before your treatment does anything. Required sample size scales with that variance, so a noisier metric costs you directly. It also scales with the inverse square of the smallest effect you want to detect, so detecting an effect half as large needs four times the sample, not twice. A noisy metric and a small target effect compound each other, and both push your runtime up.
Lower variance also helps in the other direction. At a fixed sample size, it shrinks the
minimum detectable effect
(MDE), the smallest effect your test can reliably detect, so a 1% change that was previously below that threshold now comes within range. That leaves 2 ways to detect a smaller effect: collect more data, or remove variance. You usually can't generate more units on demand, whatever your experiment's grain (users, sessions, requests), so the 5 techniques below all take the second path.
1. Fix your metrics before you fix your statistics
The largest change to your experiment's sensitivity is the metric you choose to measure, not the statistical method you apply to it. No amount of adjustment can rescue a primary metric that is intrinsically noisy, while a cleaner choice of metric can shorten the test's duration before you change anything in the analysis.
Move the metric closer to the treatment
A proximate metric measures the action your feature directly affects. A distal metric sits far downstream, where your change is one of hundreds of influences. If you're testing a new checkout button, the proximate metric is checkout starts or add-to-cart rate. The distal metric is revenue, which is moved by pricing, inventory, seasonality, and everything else your team ships that month.
Proximate metrics carry less of that unrelated variation, so they respond faster and detect smaller effects. Moving your primary metric closer to the treatment is often the largest single sensitivity gain available, and the easiest to make.
The caveat is that proximity can cost you business relevance. The reason you care about
checkout starts
is that they are supposed to lead to revenue. But if
checkout starts
come back significant and positive while revenue stays flat, you've shipped a win that delivered none of the value you were after. A proximate metric is only worth using if it tracks your
Overall Evaluation Criterion (OEC)
, the metric or weighted blend of metrics that defines a successful experiment. A good OEC is measurable within the experiment but still predicts the long-term value you ultimately care about. That lets you decide now instead of waiting weeks or months for lagging metrics like revenue or retention. Pick the closer metric, but confirm it actually moves with the
downstream outcome
it stands in for.
Committing to a single primary metric also preserves statistical power. Each additional metric you test raises the probability of a spurious significant result, which forces a
multiple-comparison correction
that reduces sensitivity across every metric, including your primary. One well-chosen primary outperforms a battery of hedged ones.
Use rates and binary metrics over totals
The shape of a metric drives its variance. A binary metric like conversion rate is naturally bounded. Each user contributes only a 0 or a 1, so no single user can dominate the variance. (Formally, for a conversion rate p the per-user variance is p(1 − p), which tops out at 0.25.) A total like revenue per user has a long right tail, where a handful of high-spending users sit far above the rest. Those users move the mean on their own, and the variance they add is what makes a small treatment effect hard to detect.
When possible, make a rate or a binary metric your primary. For example, instead of average order value or revenue per user, where a few big spenders dominate, measure the share of users who spend more than some amount, say $50. Each user counts once, above or below that line, so no single $5,000 order can dominate the result. That's a
proportion metric
, the rate form of a yes-or-no outcome, rather than a mean metric. The tradeoff is that you lose magnitude, since it tells you whether more users crossed the threshold, not how much they spent past it. Keep revenue as a secondary or
guardrail metric
so you still track it.
2. Handle outliers with winsorization
Winsorization, also known as
outlier capping
, limits each user's aggregated value to a chosen threshold so a few extreme outliers can't dominate the result. If revenue per user normally runs around $40 and one customer places a $5,000 order, that single order can make whichever variation the customer was assigned to look like the winner. Set the cap at the 99th percentile, say around $200. The $5,000 order then counts as $200, so the customer still contributes to the result but can no longer make their variation look like the winner on their own.
Extreme values don't just move the mean. They inflate variance, which widens your confidence intervals and extends the experiment duration. Capping trades a small, deliberate bias for a reduction in variance.
Two practical notes matter here. First, the cap has to be pre-specified. Decide the rule before launch, whether that's an absolute cap or a percentile like the 99th, not after you've seen which users are outliers and which variation they helped. Choosing the threshold once results are in, to move the result in your favor, is
p-hacking
. GrowthBook's percentile capping computes the actual cutoff from experiment data, but you commit to the rule up front.
Second, and less often stated, capping changes the estimand, the quantity you're actually estimating. Once you cap, you're no longer estimating the treatment's effect on mean revenue. You're estimating its effect on capped revenue, and those aren't the same number. The deeper issue is that you can't see how the capped users would have responded, because you've flattened exactly the part of their behavior the feature might move. If the real value of your change lives in the tail, like a feature meant to get your highest spenders to spend more, capping can hide the effect you're testing for. Before trusting a capped result on a revenue metric, check the tail directly with a
quantile metric
to confirm the outliers aren't carrying the effect.
3. CUPED experiments: the most powerful general-purpose technique
CUPED
(Controlled-experiment Using Pre-Experiment Data) is a form of covariate adjustment that reduces variance by adjusting each user's outcome for how they behaved before the experiment started. It removes the part of the metric you could have predicted in advance, leaving behind the part your treatment is responsible for.
How CUPED works
CUPED uses each user's pre-experiment value of the metric to estimate what they would have done without the treatment, then subtracts it. Those baseline differences have nothing to do with your treatment, so subtracting them lowers the variance without biasing the estimate. For example, a frequent buyer who keeps buying at the same rate in treatment no longer looks like a treatment effect, because the adjustment already accounted for their baseline.
CUPED comes from a
2013 paper
by Deng, Xu, Kohavi, and Walker. It has one requirement: for each user, you need a pre-experiment measurement that predicts their behavior during the experiment. Usually that's the same metric measured beforehand—a user's revenue in the weeks before the test predicts their revenue during it. The stronger that relationship, the more variance CUPED removes, because that predictable, pre-existing variation is exactly what it subtracts out.
When CUPED works (and when it doesn't)
CUPED's variance reduction is proportional to how strongly a user's pre-experiment behavior correlates with their in-experiment behavior. When that correlation is high, the gains are large.
Netflix reported
roughly a 40% variance reduction on key engagement metrics, and
Microsoft found
CUPED equivalent to adding about 20% more traffic to an experiment.
CUPED's limitation is that it does little when the correlation is weak or missing. Brand-new users have no pre-experiment history to adjust against. Rare conversions, like a first purchase, often have no usable pre-period signal either. GrowthBook applies CUPED across your metrics as an
organization-wide default
, and skips it automatically where there's no pre-experiment data to use.
4. Post-stratification: stacking on top of CUPED
Post-stratification splits users into groups, measures the treatment effect within each group, and combines those into a weighted average. Where CUPED removes variance using each user's own history, post-stratification removes the variance between groups, like the gap between countries or devices, which your treatment didn't cause.
For example, comparing US users only to US users, and Indian users only to Indian users, removes the large between-country differences from the comparison. Because it targets variance that CUPED leaves behind, it stacks on top of CUPED rather than competing with it. GrowthBook combines the two into a single setting called
CUPEDps
, which in the right conditions can be equivalent to running your experiment with
20%+ more traffic
. Beyond cutting variance, it also corrects for imbalance. If the treatment-control split in a country comes out 48/52 instead of 50/50, post-stratification reweights the two groups to the split you set.
Post-stratification only helps when the groups you stratify by actually differ on the metric. If they don't, there's little between-group variance for it to remove. A related technique, stratified randomization, balances the groups before assignment rather than after.
5. Use triggered analysis for low-coverage features
Triggering restricts your experiment to the users actually exposed to the treatment, not everyone assigned to it. It's most useful for low-coverage features, where the unexposed users dilute your effect the most.
The dilution problem
When your analysis includes users who were assigned but never exposed, their treatment effect is exactly zero, and they pull your measured effect toward zero. The treatment effect concentrated among the exposed users gets averaged down across everyone who wasn't. If your feature adds $4 of revenue per exposed user but only 20% of assigned users are ever exposed, that $4 effect shows up as $0.80 across everyone assigned, because the other 80% contribute nothing.
Triggered analysis fixes this by filtering the unexposed users out of the analysis, leaving only those who were exposed. GrowthBook logs exposure from feature flag evaluation, so you can tell exactly who was exposed and filter the analysis to only include them.
Filtering relies on the treatment not changing who gets exposed. When it does, like a banner that drives more users to scroll or a variant that loads slower so fewer reach the feature, you get a
sample ratio mismatch
(SRM) where the realized split no longer matches the one you set. The two groups are no longer truly random, and a measurable difference between them could be caused by that mismatch rather than the treatment. Run an SRM test on the triggered split before trusting a filtered result.
When the treatment might change who gets exposed, move randomization to the trigger point instead, assigning each user the moment they're first exposed rather than up front. If you're testing a redesigned cart page, assign users the first time they open the cart, not before. Only users who reach the cart enter the experiment, and because the redesign appears only once they're there, it can't have changed who reached the cart.
The estimand caveat
A triggered result describes the triggered users only, not everyone. A 10% lift among users who experienced the change is not a 10% lift for your business, because most of your users never see the feature. Before you make a launch decision or a revenue projection,
translate the triggered effect
back to the full population.
Which technique should you use? A decision framework
Each technique can be stacked, so all 5 can run on a single experiment when relevant.
Situation
Technique
Effort
Watch out for
Your primary metric is downstream or noisy
Move to a proximate metric
Low
Confirm it's a true leading indicator of the outcome you care about
A few high-value users dominate a total metric
Winsorization (capping)
Low, one setting
Pre-specify the cap, and check the tail with a quantile metric
Returning users with correlated pre-experiment data
CUPED
Medium, needs a pre-experiment pipeline
Minimal gain for new users or rare events
The metric varies a lot across a known dimension
Post-stratification, on top of CUPED
Medium
Needs groups that differ on the metric
Only a fraction of assigned users see the feature
Triggered analysis
High, needs exposure logging
Translate the effect to the full population, and watch for SRM
How GrowthBook implements variance reduction
GrowthBook implements most of these variance reduction techniques directly, so you don't have to build them yourself. Capping is a metric setting, either an absolute threshold or a percentile.
CUPED
runs as an organization-wide default on Pro and Enterprise plans, and post-stratification on Enterprise combines with it into CUPEDps.
Variance reduction is one half of running experiments faster. Safe peeking is the other, and GrowthBook makes this possible with
sequential testing
, which lets you check results repeatedly without inflating your false positive rate. The stats engine behind all of this is
open source
, so you can read exactly how any adjustment is computed.
The
metric Debug tab
added in GrowthBook 4.3 shows how CUPED, post-stratification, and capping each move a given metric's variance. Variance reduction is otherwise easy to treat as a black box, where the intervals come out tighter, and you trust that the adjustment was applied correctly. Seeing each layer's contribution makes that adjustment auditable.
If you want variance reduction by default, you can
try GrowthBook for free
or
book a demo
with the team.
The Edge Podcast
Fin fixed the fake refund promises without losing the upside
July 28, 2026
Topics
The Edge Podcast
Release
The Edge Podcast
Featured
true
Body
A customer opens a support chat with a simple question about a refund. The AI agent, trying to be helpful, replies: "Of course, we're going to process your refund." It sounds perfect. It is also a problem, because no human ever authorized that promise, and the agent essentially made it up.
That moment is at the heart of how Fin, the AI support agent formerly known as Intercom, actually gets better. Pedro Tabacof, Principal Machine Learning Scientist at Fin, has spent three years running the
experiments
that turn a promising demo into a product companies trust. Fin now crosses $100M in ARR, serves more than 10,000 customers, and is Anthropic's own first line of customer support. None of that came from shipping features that looked good. It came from testing everything, especially the things that failed.
🎧 Listen to the full episode →
Why you cannot unit test an AI agent
Most software teams have a comforting ritual: write the test cases, watch them go green, ship with confidence. Tabacof's first argument is that this ritual quietly breaks the moment you put a large language model in the loop.
"Unit tests, like traditional software
unit tests don't work with AI
," he says. The reason is that the system is non-deterministic and the inputs are effectively infinite. "Even if you try to come up with all sorts of use cases, your end user is always gonna surprise you, and there's always gonna be something new, like a change in the product or the world that's gonna make users ask different questions."
If you cannot enumerate the cases, you cannot pin the behavior down with examples. What you can do is measure it at scale. That is why
A/B testing
, not offline evaluation, is Fin's gold standard for every decision. Offline evals run on maybe one thousand to ten thousand examples. Fin's live experiments pull millions of samples in a few days, which gives them the statistical power to detect very small effects with real confidence, sometimes in a single day.
The result is a culture where testing is the default reflex, not a special occasion. Fin runs one to two dozen experiments concurrently, has run thousands over three years, and A/B tests changes most teams would never bother to check, down to a single comma or period in a prompt. "Whenever we have any kind of question dilemma, we just put it to the test," Tabacof says. They even hired a full-time AI analyst whose only job is improving the experimentation framework itself.
The experiment that made Fin slower and better
The clearest example of why this matters is an experiment nobody expected to run. Leadership wanted to reduce Fin's latency. The instinct was universal: faster is better, and the literature on e-commerce and search backs it, where even 100 milliseconds moves revenue. But no one at Fin actually knew what latency cost their business.
There was a catch. You cannot easily test reducing latency, because if you could make the agent faster, you would have already done it. So the team did the counterintuitive thing and tested increasing it. They
designed the experiment carefully
, raising latency roughly in proportion to the natural distribution so that no single user would feel something was obviously wrong and contaminate the result.
Then the data came back inverted. "Higher latency only saw good stuff happening," Tabacof says. Some users bounced, which was expected. What was not expected was that positive feedback went up. The result was so counterintuitive that his manager forced him to run a confirmatory experiment, check for selection bias, and rule out any metric miscalculation before anyone would believe it.
The best explanation is psychological. When an AI answers a hard question instantly, it reads as a canned macro rather than real thought. A human never replies that fast. A small delay makes the agent look like it is doing the work, more human-like, and people reward that with more positive feedback. Fin still reduced latency in the end, because a slow agent looks bad in a sales demo. But they learned something durable: latency is a confounder. Now, when they run experiments that reduce it, they add a third arm that holds latency constant, so they can isolate the effect they actually care about.
Turning a hallucinating loser into a shipped winner
The article's title comes from the experiment that best captures Fin's whole philosophy. The team wanted to give the agent more conversation history when it generated answers. It is one of the most obvious ideas in the book: more context, better understanding, better replies.
The first result was genuinely mixed. Positive feedback improved massively. But hallucinations, which Fin measures as a hard guardrail metric using LLM judges, went up too. Worse, some of that new positive feedback appeared to be caused by the hallucinations, like the fake refund promise. As Tabacof puts it, "Fin could say things such as, yeah, of course we're gonna process your refund. This can be a very serious fake promise." It was not common, but it was common enough to register in the metric, and that made the first experiment a failure despite the upside.
Here is where most teams choose between two bad options: ship the feature and accept the hallucinations, or scrap it and lose the gain. Tabacof's team refused both. They went back to the drawing board, used offline analysis to map every new pattern of hallucination that the added context was creating, and addressed those specifically in the prompt. Then they reran the experiment to measure the real effect of the context with the new instructions in place.
The fix cut the positive-feedback gain roughly in half. But that remaining gain was real, and it now came with no increase in hallucinations at all. That was shippable, so they shipped it. Fin has carried a much stronger conversation-history context ever since, without the trust cost.
The lesson generalizes. "For most changes which fail, almost always with the right prompting you can overcome most of the challenges, not all," Tabacof says. A losing experiment is frequently a winning one with a single broken component. The skill is diagnosing which component, then fixing only that.
The uncomfortable math of a real experimentation program
If all of this sounds like a lot of work to ship one feature, that is the point. Tabacof estimates Fin's experiment win rate at roughly 20 to 30 percent, and he is quick to note they do not even track it formally because defining the denominator is genuinely hard. Most people, he observes, implicitly assume that 90 to 100 percent of their new features are winners. Learning the real number is humbling, and it is exactly what pushes a serious team to test more and claim less.
What makes it work at Fin is that leadership treats experimentation as the cost of
quality
, not a tax on speed. The team's manager, now Chief AI Officer, came from an experimentation background and once sold a company to Optimizely. That protection means the scientists can run losing experiments without fear, because everyone understands that "AI development is inherently very uncertain, very experimental, because you never know how much ground you have covered."
Looking forward, Tabacof expects AI to drive more of the experimentation itself. Claude already launches and analyzes many of Fin's experiments, dredging through data and flagging problems. But he draws a sharp line about where judgment still lives: "We humans this year, we own the strategy but Claude's owning the tactics." The tools will keep getting better at writing the prompt and running the test. Knowing which question is worth asking remains the human's job, and the way you answer it does not change. As he puts it, "decision-making can only essentially be done through experiments."
For product, data, and engineering leaders building on top of non-deterministic models, that is the whole playbook in one line. Ship less on intuition, measure more at scale, and treat every loser as a diagnosis waiting to happen. To see how teams run experiments like these end to end, learn more at growthbook.io.
‍
Feature Flags
Guides
How fintech teams use feature flags to deploy safely
July 28, 2026
Topics
Feature Flags
Guides
Release
Feature Flags
Guides
Featured
true
Body
In January 2026, DownDetector reported
roughly 4,000 user reports
about Monzo. Its mobile banking app stopped working for 2 hours, leaving thousands of customers unable to log in or make payments. For a fintech company serving 14 million customers, even a brief outage could put years of trust at risk.
When you’re running digital infrastructure for financial services, you can’t afford to continue using legacy processes.
Every software deployment you do carries a unit of risk with it, especially if you’re using all-or-nothing deployments. If something goes wrong, it can trigger a domino effect leading to significant financial consequences for you
and
your customers.
That’s why
fintech
organizations have started using
feature flags
to have more control over the process.
In this guide, we’ll explain why fintech organizations need feature flags and how they can consider using them.
Why fintech companies need to adopt feature flags for deployment
Here are a few reasons why fintech companies need feature flags:
Every failed deployment is a financial event
Every time your
engineering team
deploys a new feature
without
proper testing and observability, you’re increasing the surface area of risk. That’s because a problematic feature in your app prevents customers from accessing their funds or using them for other purposes.
Even one incident could result in heavy regulatory scrutiny. Cross-border payments fail at an
average rate of 11%
. And 82% of merchants don’t even know why payments fail in the first place.
That’s not a risk you should take when your customers trust you to know what’s happening under the hood.
Compliance is the basis of everything you do
Because of the nature of the work you’re doing, you’re also answerable to regulatory bodies across borders. You’re essentially operating in an environment that very few organizations do.
For instance, the EU’s
Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA)
took effect in January 2025. So now you’re required
by law
to ensure your digital infrastructure can recover quickly when something goes wrong. That’s why banks like Monzo had a failsafe called “Monzo Stand-In” that took over when it experienced an outage in January 2026.
Feature flags are another way to make sure you can automate the fallback path.
Deployment safety requires data, but you can’t use it
Typically, to enable safe deployments, you need a continuous feedback loop. You ship a change and see how real users interact with it. The rollout behavior changes based on the metrics you choose to observe.
But in fintech, those signals are regulated financial data. You can’t export it without having the proper privacy protections in place.
Feature flags can bring rollout control in the same trusted environment as the financial data, as long as you’re using a compliant platform.
How are fintech teams using feature flags to ship safely?
The most basic use case and benefit of feature flags is decoupling deployment from release. It reduces the risk of deploying code, but also gives you more flexibility to track and manage new features without rushing to deploy everything at once.
Here are a few other use cases of feature flags for fintech companies:
1. Progressive rollouts for payment and onboarding features
Let’s say you’re rolling out a redesigned checkout flow. If you push it to 100% of users on day one and the conversion rate drops, you’ve just broken the revenue path for your entire user base. That’s the problem progressive rollouts fix.
Here, you start small by exposing the new flow to 1% of traffic and defining what “safe to expand” looks like before you launch. It could be that the conversion rate improves or holds steady, or that the error rates stay flat. You only move on when those conditions are met.
GrowthBook’s
Monitored Ramp-Up
automates the progression. You configure each stage with a target percentage and time window, and the platform moves traffic forward on a schedule. A fintech rollout might look like:
Internal QA team first
5% of free-tier users
25% of free-tier users
Approval gate before paid users enter the mix
25% paid to full rollout
2. Automated rollbacks with guardrail metrics
Progressive rollouts limit your blast radius. But they still assume someone on your team is keeping an eye on things. That’s not the reality your engineers deal with.
GrowthBook’s
Safe Rollouts
remove that dependency. You define guardrail metrics at flag setup time, such as payment conversion rate or transaction error rate, and the platform continuously monitors them as traffic ramps up.
If any guardrail metric shows a statistically significant regression, the platform automatically reverts the rollout.
Source
3. Compliance gating and jurisdiction-based targeting
A World Economic Forum report found that
60% of fintech companies
operate in multiple jurisdictions, while 31% operate in multiple regions. This means that if you’re releasing a new feature or an update, you need the ability to control where it’s released first.
For example, if you’re releasing a new lending feature and it’s approved in the US but not in Singapore, you have three choices:
Maintain separate code branches per region
Delay the entire launch till approval
Release in one region through granular targeting
GrowthBook’s
Forced Value rule
lets you implement option 3 with feature flags. You can define the segment as US-only, deploy the feature to all environments, and make it live only for those accessing it from the US.
When you get the approval for Singapore, just update the
targeting condition
.
Source
4. AI model rollouts for fraud detection and credit underwriting
World Economic Forum’s report also found that
80% of fintechs
are now implementing AI across multiple business lines. They’re either adopting it for software development or
shipping AI features
.
Let’s say you’re releasing a new fraud detection model. If the model misfires, it might give you too many false positives and reject legitimate ones for no reason.
Instead of rolling out a bug to your entire user base, just wrap it in a feature flag. Roll it out to 5% of traffic and monitor your guardrail metrics to decide whether to scale up or reverse the rollout.
Note:
Within GrowthBook, you can even experiment
on prompts and AI model versions
to see what works best. And all of this works with feature flags being the main delivery mechanism.
Source
How feature flags satisfy fintech compliance requirements
Here are some of the features your feature flagging platform needs to help you stay compliant with fintech regulations:
Audit trails and revision history
Every time you go through an audit, your auditor might ask you to reconstruct every change to your payment processing flag over the last six months. Things like who enabled it, when, what the previous state was, and who approved it.
You should be able to pull that up in a minute. In fact, if you’re going through
SOC 2 Type II audits
, this is a baseline requirement.
GrowthBook’s
audit logs
capture every flag event, with timestamped records available across all plans. You can pull up the version history for any flag and compare revisions side by side to see exactly what changed.
Source
Approval workflows and the four-eyes principle
You don’t want to be in a situation where an engineer pushes a change that hits production immediately. It could result in smaller bugs or full-blown incidents. That’s one of the reasons the “four-eyes principle” is a baseline expectation these days.
Essentially, one person creates the flag with specific rules, and another person approves it before it goes live.
In GrowthBook,
approval workflows
serve as configurable gates. You can draft the change and submit it for review. Your peer or manager can approve it before it goes live. Irrespective of whether you’re creating a kill switch or a saved group, you can require approval for everything.
Source
Stale flag management
As you create more flags, you’re also creating more technical debt. Because feature flags are typically temporary, once a feature ships, engineering teams forget to remove them. The problem is that it’s still active in your codebase and could cause incidents later.
Make sure your feature flagging platform can detect these stale flags. For instance, GrowthBook automatically marks
feature flags as stale
if:
They haven’t been active for two weeks.
They aren’t in any active environments (the flag is disabled everywhere).
Have one-sided rules that send 100% of traffic to a single variation.
You can also use its
MCP server
to find feature flags and pinpoint where they exist (via
Code References
). And then use the cleanup skill to remove them.
Source
Keeping financial data in your infrastructure
Most feature flag vendors need your data on their servers to evaluate experiment metrics. Very few of them offer self-hosted deployments or a warehouse-native architecture. But in the fintech industry, that could result in heavy penalties
and
reputational risk.
So choose a platform that:
Offers a
warehouse-native architecture
that queries existing data warehouses for anything.
Offers
self-hosted deployment
with air-gapped installations.
Has
compliance
certifications such as SOC 2 Type II, GDPR, COPPA, or CCPA.
How Upstart cut experimentation time from days to hours with GrowthBook
Upstart
is an AI-powered lending marketplace that connects consumers with over 100 banks and credit unions. Its engineering team runs experiments against real credit models and transaction data.
Before GrowthBook, Upstart’s setup was fragmented. They ran a third-party tool for feature flags alongside two separate in-house experimentation platforms. As a result, engineers kept switching between tools, and analysis depended on manual work.
Since it was a financial services company, they couldn’t let sensitive financial data leave their infrastructure. That’s where GrowthBook’s self-hosted deployment model solved the compliance problem, as all experimental data remained within its infrastructure.
Upstart’s team consolidated three platforms into one, GrowthBook, and cut experimentation time from days to hours. But they were also able to clean up legacy feature flags, which also helped them reduce technical debt in the long run.
“We had to rally our teams for this project and get our old tools cleaned up, but the process is significantly improving the quality of our systems and reinforcing best practices around experiments and feature-flagging hygiene. GrowthBook allowed us to uplevel our code, speed up decision-making, and focus on what we do best—building a world-class AI lending marketplace.”
‍
— Diego Accame, Director of Engineering, Growth, Upstart
What your feature flag platform needs to handle in fintech
If you’re actively evaluating feature flagging tools, these are the questions you should ask before choosing one:
Criteria
What to ask a feature flagging vendor
Automated guardrail rollback
Can the platform automatically revert a rollout when a metric degrades, without human intervention?
Approval workflows
Can you require approvals for production while letting staging flow freely? Does the gate cover all flag change types?
Audit trail coverage
Can you reconstruct the state of any flag at any point in time? Is the audit log gated behind enterprise pricing?
Warehouse-native data
Does your financial data stay in your infrastructure, or does it flow through the vendor's servers for metric evaluation?
Self-hosted deployment
Can you run the platform on your own infrastructure, including air-gapped environments?
Stale flag detection
Does the platform automatically surface flags that have outlived their purpose? Can you action them programmatically?
Open-source transparency
Can your security team inspect the source code before procurement signs off?
AI agent governance
Do agent-triggered flag changes go through the same approval gate as human ones?
Local SDK evaluation
Do flag decisions happen locally in the SDK, or do they require a network call to the vendor's servers?
Kill switch speed
Can you disable a feature in seconds via a toggle, or does rollback require a full deployment?
Note:
GrowthBook does all of this and more. Learn more about
how we help fintech organizations
.
Use feature flags to ship faster with confidence without risking your reputation
Monzo’s two-hour outage reminded the industry what fintech teams already know: when you’re handling other people’s money, there’s no such thing as a minor production incident. And at least in the bank’s case, they had a fallback path in place.
But the reality is that most fintech organizations don’t. This is why you should consider adopting feature flags. They give you the infrastructure to ship fast without taking on that risk. Whether you want to test in production or create fallback paths, you can do so without building excessive tooling.
If you’d like to see how feature flags can improve your deployment process,
try GrowthBook for free
or
book a demo
.
‍
Feature Flags
Guides
How to reduce deployment risk with canary releases and feature flags
July 27, 2026
Topics
Feature Flags
Guides
Release
Feature Flags
Guides
Featured
true
Body
On July 19, 2024, CrowdStrike pushed a configuration update to every one of its Falcon sensors at once. A single logic error crashed 8.5 million Windows systems and cost Fortune 500 companies an estimated $5.4 billion.
It wasn’t a silly mistake that brought down global systems. CrowdStrike tested the update,
but
it didn’t use a staged rollout, so a bug that could’ve been contained to 1% of users became a global outage instead. The problem is that using a delivery process like this just opens up your surface area of risk.
In fact, deploying software change is one of the three top causes of an IT outage. And downtime costs
average at $14,056 per minute
.
The question is: How do you ship changes into production without turning every release into an all-or-nothing bet?
Using canary releases with
feature flags
is one way to do that.
In this article, we’ll walk you through the concept of canary releases and how to implement them.
What is a canary release?
A canary release exposes a change to a small group of users before you roll it out to everyone. The name “canary” comes from a time when coal miners brought canaries underground to detect toxic gases in the mine. If the bird showed any signs of distress, miners left before anything bad happened.
In software development, the same logic applies. A small group of users absorbs the initial deployment risk so the rest of your users can stay protected. This helps even if you have staging and test environments because production traffic behaves differently with real data under real load. Edge cases only show up when you deploy the changes to production.
Pros and cons of canary releases
Pros
Cons
Limits the blast radius of a bad release to a small, controlled group of users
Adds operational complexity to your deployment process because you need clear ramp stages and ownership
Gives you a real production signal that staging environments can't replicate
Requires well-defined metrics and monitoring infrastructure before you start
Enables fast rollback through traffic routing or a flag flip, without a full redeploy
Low traffic volumes at early stages (1–5%) can produce noisy data, especially for low-volume metrics
Builds team confidence to ship more frequently because each release carries lower stakes
Demands a documented flag cleanup process to prevent technical debt from accumulating over time
What’s the difference between infrastructure canary vs. feature flag canary?
You can run a canary at two different layers of your stack. The layer you choose determines how fast you can roll back.
With an infrastructure canary, you route a percentage of traffic at the load balancer or service mesh level to a new version of your service. You’re releasing the entire service as one unit. And if something breaks, you shift all the traffic back to the older version, which can take several minutes.
A feature flag canary is different. Here, you deploy the code to 100% of your servers but wrap the new behavior/change behind a flag. Only users who match your rollout criteria see it. If something breaks, you flip the flag. That takes seconds.
In short: an infrastructure canary controls which
building
your users walk into. A feature flag canary controls which
rooms
are unlocked inside the same building.
Infrastructure canary
Feature flag canary
Control layer
Load balancer, K8s, service mesh
Application code
Unit of release
Entire service version
Individual feature
Targeting
Percentage of traffic (often random)
User attributes (ID, region, plan, segment)
Rollback speed
Minutes (redeploy)
Seconds (flag flip)
Best for
New services, middleware, and auth changes
Feature-level changes, UI, business logic
Mature engineering teams use both models.
For instance, Facebook
deploys code continuously
to all production servers but gates every feature through Gatekeeper, its internal feature flag system. Its employees see the new features first and assess their performance. Only when everything looks good do they roll out the change to 2% of production traffic and test it there.
How to do a canary release with feature flags?
Let’s say you’re launching an
AI tutor product
within your edtech platform. It’ll call an LLM, so there are new risks to consider, like timeout errors or unpredictable token costs.
Here’s how you can do using GrowthBook’s feature flagging platform by using
feature flags
for the canary release:
Step 1: Wrap the change in a flag
Create a new boolean flag called ai-assistant with a default value of false. It’ll decouple deployment from release, so nobody sees it unless somebody should.
Here’s what it looks like in GrowthBook:
if
(gb.isOn(
"ai-assistant"
)) {
return
renderAIAssistant();
// new LLM-backed path
}
return
renderManualFlow();
// existing path
gb.isOn() evaluates the flag locally without a network request, so it adds zero latency to your code path.
Deploy this to 100% of your servers with the flag set to false in your production
environment
. This step helps you deploy code to development, staging, and test environments, but it won’t appear in production unless you enable it.
Step 2. Define your rollout ladder
A rollout ladder is the sequence of stages your flag moves through before reaching 100%. Typically, you monitor specific metrics at each stage before moving to the next.
If you’re using GrowthBook, you can use the following features to do this:
Internal team only
: In GrowthBook, create a
Forced Value
rule targeted at a
Saved Group
of employees or design partners. You can also target by attribute (email contains yourdomain.com or plan = “internal”). Everyone else falls through to false.
1–5% of users
: Add a Percentage Rollout rule below the forced value. GrowthBook uses deterministic hashing based on user ID, so the same user always gets the same experience—no server-side session storage required.
10–25%
: Bump the rollout percentage if metrics look healthy.
50% → 100%
: Full rollout.
Note:
The riskier the change, the smaller the interval should be. But make sure you add an approval step based on parameters like error rates or similar criteria to gain more control over the process.
GrowthBook offers the ability to schedule and automate feature rollouts with approval gates
Step 3. Define success and guardrail metrics before you ship
Before you enable the flag, set up two categories of metrics: success metrics and guardrail metrics. While
success metrics
tell you whether the feature is doing what you built it to do,
Guardrail metrics
tell you whether it’s breaking something else.
In GrowthBook, you define these as
Fact Tables and Metrics
that are directly connected to your data warehouse. Each metric has a type:
Proportion
for rates (error rate, timeout rate)
Mean
for averages (cost per request)
Quantile
for percentiles (p99 latency)
Ratio
for derived measures like tokens per resolved query
Type
Measures
AI tutor example
Proportion
% of users for whom an event happened (binomial)
LLM error/timeout rate, % sessions hitting a fallback
Mean
Average value per user
Avg latency, cost per request (token spend), avg messages/session
Quantile
A percentile of a distribution
p95 / p99 latency (the metric that matters for LLM calls)
Ratio
One metric/another
Tokens per resolved query, cost per accepted answer
Retention
Whether users return in a window
Next-session return after using the
AI feature
You can then mark each metric as either a
guardrail
(a hard gate that can trigger a rollback) or a
signal
(a leading indicator you watch but don’t gate on).
Step 4. Enable the flag, monitor, and ramp up accordingly
In GrowthBook, every flag change goes through a draft-to-review-to-publish workflow. The goal is to make sure changes don’t reach real users unless you want them to. Once you’ve defined all the changes and metrics, roll out the change and monitor your metrics.
For example, if you’re launching the AI tutor, start with the internal dev team and monitor error rates. Are the AI responses rendering correctly? Is the fallback path working when the flag is off? Is the UI responding well?
Once you’re confident, roll it to real users and ramp up slowly.
Step 5. Automate the rollout with guardrail monitoring
You can use
Monitored Ramp-Up in GrowthBook
to automate this whole process. You define a ramp schedule, attach guardrail metrics, and the platform moves on, or rolls back the changes based on what the data shows.
Monitor the rollout using the metrics you’ve defined and make better decisions
GrowthBook ships with a built-in preset:
Linear ramp
Fast ramp (three steps)
Approval-gated milestones (define any ladder and any hold time)
For the AI tutor, your ramp config might look like this:
Stage
Coverage
Hold time
Monitored
Gate
Step 1
10%
24 hours
Yes
Auto-advance if guardrails pass
Step 2
50%
24 hours
Yes
Requires manual approval
Full rollout
100%
—
—
Full rollout
You can use the following metrics to monitor the rollout:
Guardrail metrics
(hard gates which trigger a rollback): llm_error_rate, p99_latency, cost_per_request
Signal metrics
(watch, don't gate): answer_acceptance_rate
Note: If you prefer to automate this process, just use GrowthBook’s flag-monitoring AI agent skill via your MCP and create the ramp up schedule in minutes.
The first step ramps to 10% and monitors for 24 hours. The next one ramps it up to 50% and waits for manual approval before proceeding. The guardrail failures trigger an automatic rollback.
Tip:
When you need to pull the plug completely, GrowthBook has a
built-in environment toggle
on every flag so if you disable it in production, the SDK stops evaluating all rules simultaneously. It acts as an instant kill switch. It’ll turn off the previous flag and stop evaluating every rule immediately. The SDK returns the default value for all users, regardless of the ramp schedule.
Example of a kill switch for a finance app
Source
Step 6. Clean up the flag
Once you’ve confirmed that the AI tutor feature works well, it’s time to clean up the flag. A
2022 study on feature
toggles found that 33% of toggles interact with other code expressions—and those interactions grow 22% each year. So, the longer a flag stays in your codebase, the more entangled it becomes.
Use GrowthBook’s
stale flag detection
to automatically surface flags that have been fully rolled out for more than two weeks. You can even use
Code References
to show you where the flag is within your codebase.
When you’re ready, archive it and check if there’s a change or regression in your app. If not, delete it.
Tip:
Schedule the cleanup the minute you create the flag. You can add a note in your calendar and use
GrowthBook’s MCP
to clean it up later. In fact, you can use the
flag-cleanup skill
to find these flags and archive them from your AI app.
Example result within Claude when you use GrowthBook’s AI skills to surface stale flags
Which metrics should you monitor during a canary release?
Here are three categories of metrics you should monitor with every canary release:
Infrastructure metrics
These tell you whether the servers are handling the new code path.
Metric
What it tells you
Error rate (HTTP 4xx/5xx)
Whether the new code path is producing more server-side failures than your baseline. This is usually the first signal that something is wrong.
p95/p99 latency
Whether response times are degrading. For anything involving LLM calls, it's the metric that moves first.
CPU and memory usage
Whether the new code path is consuming more compute than expected. This is especially relevant for features that introduce new external API calls.
Application metrics
These tell you whether the feature itself is working.
Metric
What it tells you
Feature-specific conversion rate
Whether the feature works as intended. In the AI tutor example, that's the task completion rate after seeing an AI explanation.
Client-side error events
Whether the new path is throwing errors that users can actually see. Server-side logs don't always catch what happens in the browser.
Support ticket volume
Often a leading indicator. Users report problems before your dashboards catch them.
Business metrics
These tell you whether the change is moving the needle in the right direction.
Metric
What it tells you
Revenue per user
Whether the change is affecting business outcomes. This metric moves slowly, so track it over days.
Session engagement with the new feature
Whether users are actively interacting with the change once exposed. Low engagement can signal discoverability or trust issues before conversion metrics show it.
Next-session retention
Whether users come back after encountering the new feature. A drop here can signal friction that conversion metrics don't capture.
Tip:
Always set your thresholds
before
you ship so you can act in real time rather than decide whether to act. Once your data team defines a metric in SQL, GrowthBook references it directly
in your data warehouse
and notifies you accordingly.
6 mistakes to avoid while using canary releases
Even with canary releases, you can still
experience failure modes
. Here’s what to avoid:
Treating the canary as your test suite:
A canary is supposed to catch edge cases that pre-production testing can’t. So, if you’re using it to find issues that unit and test integrations should’ve caught, you’re just testing in production without real guardrails. Run your pre-canary gates (contract tests, integration tests, performance smoke tests) before the actual release to avoid this.
Not defining rollback criteria before shipping:
You don’t want to spend time figuring out which metrics are “bad enough” to trigger an incident response. It’ll cost you time, money, and resources you’d rather spend elsewhere. Define your thresholds before the flag goes live. For example, which metrics you’ll track, when you’ll decide to act on them, and how you’ll act (your incident or remediation response).
Rolling out the feature too quickly:
If you need robust test results, it doesn’t make sense to jump from 1% to 10% in a minute. Ideally, you should test the initial rollout for 30 minutes to a few hours or longer if you’re doing an infrastructure canary release. Over time, you can set your own thresholds based on previous experimental releases.
Using a canary cohort that doesn’t represent your users:
If your canary group is only employees, only one region, or only power or enterprise users, you can’t generalize your results. Unless it’s something you know applies only to a specific segment, it’s best to test with a broader segment first and then drill down over time. Alternatively, run release experiments with different cohorts to see how they respond, then generalize the results.
Letting a canary sit at partial rollout for weeks:
If your rollout is stuck at 10% for weeks at a time, you have a zombie canary. It creates a forked production environment with continuously diverging behavior. Avoid this by setting a maximum dwell time for each stage, especially when automating the process. Once it crosses that threshold, either promote it to the next stage or roll it back.
Skipping session stickiness:
Without sticky assignment, a user might see the new version on one page load and the old experience on the next. It confuses them, and you won’t be able to realistically measure how the new version is performing.
Platforms like GrowthBook
handle this by using deterministic hashing based on user ID, so the same user sees the same flag state as long as the release is in progress.
Use canary releases to stop treating deployment as an all-or-nothing bet
After the July 2024 outage, CrowdStrike has adopted the “phased release” approach, which is essentially a canary release. Now, updates
roll out in concentric rings
, with monitoring at each stage, and customers can choose to adopt the change early or opt out altogether.
And this is the exact approach engineering teams should adopt.
With the pace of software development increasing by the day, especially with AI, you don’t need to
add unnecessary complexity
around every release. A canary release simplifies this process and removes any anxiety around it.
If you’re ready to start adopting a canary release approach with feature flags,
try GrowthBook for free
or
book a demo
.
‍
5.0
Experiments
Product Updates
Experimentation friction changes as you grow. GrowthBook keeps pace.
July 24, 2026
Topics
5.0
Experiments
Product Updates
Release
5.0
Experiments
Product Updates
Featured
true
Body
Every team that runs experiments wants to run more, faster. The difference between teams is where friction lives.
Consider two teams. The first team is finishing its first dozen experiments. Their process works, technically, but they run all experiments through two or three technical staff they trust. Experiments
feel
complex and high-stakes, and they worry that a bad customer experience could set the company back. The second team runs hundreds of experiments every day, against a warehouse with petabytes of data. They have the opportunity of fast, high-scale experimentation, but every analysis run has compute costs that equal real time and money. They need infrastructure to match their opportunity.
Different stages produce different friction.
GrowthBook 5.0
meets friction at every stage, making it easier to experiment when you’re building the habit, faster and more efficient at the frontier, and safer all along.
Starting an experiment should be easy
One of the biggest barriers to early teams is an empty experiment creation screen, especially when it’s long and involves more complex, technical options.
In 5.0, we cut the experiment creation flow from 23 fields to 5. The rest of the options move to the experiment overview page. You can write a hypothesis, set up experiment assignment, and share the draft to your team in the time it used to take to scroll through the previous version.
The streamlined experiment creation flow
We ran an experiment as we rolled this out, and there’s a surprisingly large effect. More people can create an experiment without feeling like they need to be an expert, and with sensible defaults, starting doesn’t mean shipping something accidentally.
Making experiment creation “cheaper,” with less time and expertise invested, makes it easier to imagine running more experiments and building a broader culture of experimentation. A thin experiment, with just the minimum fields, becomes a shared surface your team can edit and learn in together. Experimentation begins as collaboration rather than a handoff.
More hands, same standards
As the team grows and experimentation velocity increases, more and more people kick off experiments. You have an experimentation process that works, and you want more of it. More teams want to experiment, but a small handful of experts is still a bottleneck. Ideas for experiments might abound, but the organization is short on the people needed to push experiments from beginning to end.
Scaling experimentation means handing more people, more operations, the keys without giving up control of what ships. GrowthBook 5.0 helps.
‍
More people can create.
AI agents can now
operate GrowthBook
, which means anyone, through their code editor or with our new in-app AI Assistant, can brainstorm and create experiments, launch them, and check results with natural language. The new
AI Visual Editor
opens another door for teams, like growth and marketing, who prefer a point, click, and prompt experience. With the slim experiment creation flow and
reusable templates
, it’s so much easier to set up an experiment now and build on an existing experimentation program.
Creating an experiment through Claude
Guardrails travel with tests.
Opening the door for more experimentation only helps your org if your best practices and processes stay in place for everyone. Our new
custom hooks
let teams codify their own rules and run checks for every experiment before it starts, automatically. Mandatory custom fields make sure every experiment is categorized and filled before it’s ever created. Linked feature flags mean a teammate still reviews production changes before launch. These checks live with the experiment, and are present and documented in GrowthBook.
Shared understanding builds shared commitment.
Experiments that finish and features that roll out without others knowing can help a business, but they don’t help build shared knowledge and experimentation culture. We now have new
meta-analysis experiment blocks
for dashboards, so your team can have better oversight of what’s running, win percentages, lift, and scaled impact. Everyone in the org can learn, and, hopefully, be inspired to experiment also.
Using experiment meta blocks to understand impact on a metric
You don’t have to be at your desk to launch.
GrowthBook 5.0 supports
scheduled starts
for experiments. You can kick off a test without being live at your computer. It sounds like a small thing, but as you scale and coordinate more and more experiments, control like this is what keeps a program manageable, right up until the next constraint takes over: compute.
Solve for people and trust, though, and a new limit appears: the volume of experiments you can now run starts to outgrow the infrastructure running them, and the bottleneck shifts from who can experiment to what your compute can afford.
Where compute is the constraint
At the frontier of experimentation scale, the bottleneck becomes compute. Data-rich environments give you the raw material for fast, accurate results, but can come with a bill to match. Teams that run hundreds of experiments a day against high-volume warehouses need infrastructure that meets their opportunity without equally large bills or compromises on velocity.
We think two techniques are highly relevant for these teams:
quantile treatment effects
(like the effect of a change on your p99 latency) and
CUPED
, which uses pre-experiment behavior to cut noise and bring results faster. Neither technique is new, but there’s a challenge to running them efficiently with a warehouse-native platform when data is large and quickly changing.
GrowthBook 5.0 includes major performance improvements with both approaches. For quantiles, we use KLL sketches to gather an event-level histogram into a single column that doesn’t grow as events pile up, which keeps quantiles cheaper at volume and even allows for pre-aggregations in the warehouse to be consumed by GrowthBook. For CUPED, we can now run a nightly pre-aggregation of each experimentation unit’s history, and since GrowthBook holds metric definition in our semantic layer, it refreshes only summaries that go stale when a definition changes.
We’ve seen >80% reduction in wall time for an experiment update, faster individual runtimes for experiments, and overall reduction in compute, which leads to lower warehouse bills. We’ll write about this in more detail later, but if you’re experimenting and analyzing at petabyte scale, come talk to us.
A platform you never outgrow
Everything in this post moved as you grew: the friction of starting, the bottleneck of people, the ceiling of compute. Safety is the one thing that didn't.
With GrowthBook 5.0, you can run experiments a little more easily, a little faster, with as much safety as ever, so you can make more chances to really learn about your product and users. That’s the real goal of experimentation: knowing instead of guessing, and building a better product for the people who use it.
‍
Want to hear from our co-founders and engineers how we’ve made feature flagging and experimentation better? Come to our live
Office Hours
on July 30, 9am PT, and we’ll answer any questions you have.
Feature Flags
Featured
Product Updates
5.0
Feature flag governance — GrowthBook 5.0
July 23, 2026
Topics
Feature Flags
Featured
Product Updates
5.0
Release
Feature Flags
Featured
Product Updates
5.0
Featured
true
Body
Governance, for those unaccustomed to this buzzy word, is simply referring to guardrails. With
feature flags
, it can be really easy to work yourself into a pickle. Our latest 5.0 release focused on many cool things, but one of the big ones was protecting you and your co-workers from yourselves. So you can work faster while still shipping safely.
As AI speeds up how fast code can be written and large organizations release more changes across more teams, the challenge is no longer simply getting work out the door. It is vital to make sure every change is valid, behaves as expected alongside everything else, and reaches production with the right context.
With this in mind, there are three areas in which we focused our feature flag governance in 5.0:
Catch problems while someone is making the change
Catch problems created by the full rule set
Make the final decision with context
Catch problems while someone is making the change
For this category of features, GrowthBook is checking whether the change itself is valid, sensible, and no larger than it needs to be. The best time to catch a bad flag change is before it becomes a review comment, a Slack thread, or a production scavenger hunt.
Schema validation for string and number flags
GrowthBook could already validate the shape of
JSON flag values
. Now you can also set rules for string and number flags.
For example, you can now limit a checkout layout flag to classic, compact, or express. GrowthBook will reject anything else, including typos.
[
"classic"
,
"compact"
,
"express"
]
For number flags, now you can set a minimum and maximum, such as allowing results-per-page to be anywhere from 10 to 100.
It is basically type safety for remote config, because TypeScript cannot save you from someone entering "expres" in a dashboard. Invalid values can now be caught before they are saved or published.
Feature-scoped Custom Hooks
Custom Hooks
let your team write its own rules for what counts as a valid flag change.
For example, you could require a description, prevent targeting by email address, or make sure every rollout uses userId.
Custom Hooks already existed, but they previously applied to every feature in an organization or project. Now you can attach one to a single feature that needs its own rules.
Organization-wide: Every feature flag must have an owner and at least one tag.
Project-wide: Every rollout in the checkout project must use userId for hashing.
Single feature: Only the checkout-config flag must include a Jira ticket before it can be changed.
Soft warnings
Not every questionable choice deserves the full red-screen treatment.
Custom Hooks can now raise a warning instead of blocking the save:
addWarning(
"Consider adding a ticket number"
);
The person editing can review it and choose
Save anyway
.
So now you have two volumes:
addWarning() says, “Are you sure about this?”
throw says, “Absolutely not.”
Sparse patches for JSON rules
Suppose a JSON flag has ten fields, but a rule only needs to change one.
Instead of copying the entire object, you can save just the keys and values you want to update:
{
"theme"
:
"dark"
}
A sparse patch preview showing only the changed field before it merges onto the default value.
‍
GrowthBook merges that onto the default value, which means smaller changes, cleaner diffs, and fewer stale copied fields.
One important caveat: the merge is shallow. It only merges top-level keys, not deeply nested objects.
Catch problems while someone is making the change
Together, these features make the editor feel less like a blank text box with consequences and more like a development environment that knows what “valid” means.
The value can be checked against an expected shape, custom rules can catch requirements unique to your team, warnings can flag questionable choices without blocking every save, and sparse patches keep changes focused on the fields someone actually meant to touch. By the time the change reaches review, many of the easiest mistakes have already been caught, while they are still cheap to fix.
Catch problems created by the full rule set
A rule can be perfectly valid on its own and still cause trouble once it joins the group chat.
GrowthBook evaluates rules from top to bottom. An earlier rule can serve a user before a later rule ever gets the chance.
For example:
Force a value for everyone in the US.
Force a different value for Pro users in the US.
The second rule will never run. Pro users in the US already matched the first rule and left the building.
GrowthBook already warned when a rule was completely unreachable. In 5.0, that detection expands to catch more ways rules can compete for the same traffic.
The warnings now have three levels:
Unreachable
: No matching traffic will reach the rule.
Will not reach
: Some matching traffic will definitely be served by an earlier rule.
May not reach
: An earlier rule might serve some of the same traffic, but we cannot say exactly how much.
GrowthBook flags a rule as unreachable when an earlier rule already matches the same traffic.
That last distinction matters for partial rollouts. A 90% rollout above another rule does not completely block the rule below it, but it does take a large bite out of the traffic before it gets there.
The warning also points to the earlier rule causing the conflict, so you can reorder the rules, narrow the targeting, or confirm that the overlap is intentional.
This catches a different class of problem than schema validation or Custom Hooks. Each rule may be valid, but the full rule set may not behave the way you pictured it.
Make the final decision with context
Automated checks can catch a lot, but eventually a human still has to decide:
Is this change ready to go live?
GrowthBook 5.0 adds a dedicated
Review & Publish
tab that brings the scattered pieces of that decision into one place. It replaces separate publishing, review, and conflict-resolution flows with one shared workspace.
The Conversation view summarizes what changed and lets you publish the draft directly.
The
Conversation
view gives you the readable version of the story: what changed, why it changed, who contributed, any comments or reviews, and what needs to happen next.
When you need the technical receipts, the
Changes
view shows the detailed diff and lets people comment on the specific changes.
If Approval Flows are enabled, reviewers can leave a comment, request changes, or approve the draft before it is published. Without required approvals, someone with permission can still review the same context and publish directly. Approval Flows are a
commercial feature
.
The goal is not to make every flag change pass through a courtroom. It is to put the diff, discussion, reviewers, conflicts, and final action in the same room, so the person clicking
Publish
knows exactly what they are sending out the door.
Guardrails not stop signs
Good governance is not about slowing creators down. It is about making the work they publish quality and catching problems early before they hit users.
By adding governance while changes are created, when rules interact, and before publishing, teams will catch mistakes earlier and ship with more confidence. I'm so excited for what 5.0 at GrowthBook has brought to feature flags. If you'd like to learn more or hear from the engineers behind all of our newly released features, you can
join us for Office Hours Live on Thursday, July 30 at 9 a.m. PT.
See you online and happy experimenting!
5.0
Analytics
Releases
GrowthBook 5.0: Product Analytics is now generally available
July 22, 2026
Topics
5.0
Analytics
Releases
Release
5.0
Analytics
Releases
Featured
true
Body
GrowthBook’s
Product Analytics
is now generally available. Monitor your KPIs, explore trends, build dashboards, and analyze funnels, using the same trusted metric definitions your team already relies on for experimentation and feature flags.
If you're running experiments in GrowthBook, you've already done the hard work. You've connected your data warehouse, defined your metrics, and built a shared language for how your team measures success.
Product Analytics puts those metrics to work beyond experiments. Keep your north star KPIs front and center so your team can identify new opportunities to test, and track how past experiment wins are translating into long-term impact. Build dashboards that show product trends and experiment impact side by side, giving stakeholders the full picture in one place.
This post covers everything that is now generally available within Product Analytics.
AI-powered analytics
A native AI chat agent is built directly into Product Analytics. This opens up analytics to any user, turning a few prompts into actionable insights without needing to know the schema or rely on a data analyst for answers.
Ask questions in plain language, such as “Chart the number of daily users and conversions for the past 30 days” and the agent will build the exploration, render the chart, and surface insights behind the data.
In-app AI assistant
GrowthBook 5.0 also includes a
platform-wide AI assistant
available from any page in the app. In addition to taking action and supporting workflows across feature flags and experiments, it can also pull up analytics and surface trends from wherever you're working. This assistant pulls from
25+ open-source skills
spanning feature flag management, experiment design, and product analytics.
‍
‍
The Metric Explorer: visualize and explore your data
The Metric Explorer lets you visualize any metric your team has defined in GrowthBook without needing to write SQL. These are the same metric definitions powering your experiments, so there's no custom SQL to write and no risk of metric drift between your analytics and your experiment results. This lets teams go quickly from question to chart in seconds.
The Metric Explorer supports a range of chart types (line, area, bar, stacked bar, horizontal bar, stacked horizontal bar, timeseries table, table, and big number) and the ability to segment by dates, dimensions, and filters.
If your team hasn't fully defined metrics yet, the Explorer also supports querying fact tables directly or even raw data source tables in your warehouse, so you can start exploring immediately and promote what you find to reusable metrics over time.
Because GrowthBook generates the SQL behind the scenes, it works with GrowthBook's
Managed Warehouse
, BigQuery, Snowflake, Databricks, Redshift, ClickHouse, Postgres, and more. Your data never leaves the warehouse.
‍
SQL Reports
The SQL Explorer lets you write, save, and share queries directly within GrowthBook. No external BI tool needed. Pin results to any dashboard alongside your metric explorations and experiment data.
Write a query in the built-in editor with schema browsing and autocomplete, or describe what you want in plain language and let AI generate the SQL from your warehouse schema. Run the query, then layer on the types of visualizations you’d like to see: bar, line, area, scatter, pivot table, or big value (KPI). Configure axes, aggregations, dimensions, and filters visually without touching the SQL again.
Save reports, refresh them on demand, and pin individual visualizations to any dashboard alongside your metric explorations.
Funnel analysis
Define step sequences to visualize conversion rates between each step and understand where users fall out of the flow. Break funnels down by any dimension to find where specific segments convert differently.
For example, you might define a checkout funnel and break it down by device type. You notice mobile users drop off at the payment step at twice the rate of desktop. That's a clear signal. From the same platform, you can launch an experiment to test a simplified mobile payment flow and measure whether it closes the gap.
Whether it's your onboarding flow, checkout, or activation sequence, funnel analysis turns drop-off points into experiment hypotheses you can act on immediately.
Dashboards
Dashboards let you tell a story with your data. Create custom dashboards tailored to your north star metrics so they remain front and center. Arrange the KPIs that matter most to you on a flexible grid with drag-and-drop, and set a refresh schedule to keep everything current, and share with your team.
GrowthBook dashboards support a range of block types, from metric explorations and saved SQL queries to rich text, so you can build exactly the narrative your team or stakeholders need to get the full picture.
A typical dashboard might include your north star metric trend, a product funnel showing where users drop off, and the scaled impact from all your experiments pertaining to the relevant metrics.
One source of truth
Product Analytics is an extension of the work your data team has already done. The metrics are defined. The warehouse is connected. Now those same definitions power dashboards, funnels, and ad-hoc exploration, not just experiment results.
For teams that want programmatic access, the REST API exposes endpoints for running explorations, and every exploration gets a shareable URL encoding its complete configuration.
Product Analytics is available now.
Get started
or
book a demo
to see it in action.
‍
5.0
AI
Releases
Experiments
Featured
AI Visual Editor: opening up experimentation for growth and marketing teams
July 21, 2026
Topics
5.0
AI
Releases
Experiments
Featured
Release
5.0
AI
Releases
Experiments
Featured
Featured
true
Body
TL;DR: GrowthBook 5.0 ships with an AI Visual Editor that lets anyone build and launch a live experiment on their website from a plain-language prompt, no engineering ticket required.
Growth and marketing teams rarely suffer from a shortage of ideas.
There is always another headline to test, another landing page to improve, another audience that may respond to different messaging, or another campaign that could convert more effectively.
The problem is getting those ideas into production. The reality for many marketing and
growth teams
is that testing capacity is capped by engineering bandwidth.
The GrowthBook
AI Visual Editor
unlocks this entire process. For the first time, anyone can vibe code a new home page or product page and deploy a rigorous experiment in minutes without engineering expertise. The AI Visual Editor allows users to move sections, change text and colors, and even swap out images with just a series of prompts. Once a new variation is built, these same users can kick off rigorous experiments using the same metrics and templates created by your data science team. So anyone can run experiments you can trust.
See the visual editor in action here:
‍
Run experiments without waiting for engineering
The most immediate benefit of a visual experimentation system is straightforward: growth and marketing teams can move from an idea to a live experiment without waiting for an engineer to implement every variation.
Using GrowthBook’s AI Visual Editor, teams can describe a change in plain English or make it directly through a WYSIWYG interface. They can update text, modify styles, rearrange content, replace imagery, hide elements, or create more substantial page variations.
The editor then turns those changes into an experiment that can be previewed, reviewed, and launched through GrowthBook.
This removes a significant source of friction from the experimentation process.
Engineering teams no longer need to spend time implementing every headline test, campaign-specific landing page, image variation, or call-to-action adjustment. Growth teams no longer need to wait for an open sprint before learning whether an idea works.
And GrowthBook’s AI Visual Editor keeps engineering teams happy. The AI Visual Editor, like all of GrowthBook, is built on transparency so the technical teams can still review exactly what the experiment is doing, audit the results, look at the metrics, etc. Visual experiments also run on the same SDK used for other parts of GrowthBook, and even be flicker-free.
The difference is that engineering is no longer required for every step of every experiment.
‍
What you can do with the AI Visual Editor
Many visual editors fall short and break on modern sites, and quietly push you back into writing CSS or HTML. We fully
rebuilt our new AI Visual Editor
from scratch to fix these issues.
The AI Visual Editor lets anyone describe the change they want in plain language and get a working variation without writing code. Use manual mode or enter a prompt to do things like:
Generate images with AI:
Use AI to generate and modify hero images, product photos, background visuals, and more.
Change headlines and copy:
Manually update copy to test different messaging.
Generate new copy ideas:
Prompt the AI to write different headlines, CTAs, or copy variations to test.
Run multi-arm bandits:
Use the AI Visual Editor to make changes to your site and run it as a multi-arm bandit to dynamically allocate traffic to the highest performing variant.
Update designs and layouts:
Adjust fonts, padding, button styles, restructure layouts, and more.
Import Figma frames or mockups:
Bring in a design straight from Figma to test actual user interaction without rebuilding it from scratch, not just as a static image.
‍
Import image files:
Pull in your own images or brand assets.
The variation is built directly in the editor so you can see exactly how all your changes will look to your end users.
‍
Test more ideas and learn faster
Reducing implementation work changes more than test speed. It changes which ideas are worth testing at all.
When every experiment requires engineering time, teams naturally reserve experimentation for larger ideas. Smaller questions remain unanswered because the expected value of the result does not justify the cost of implementation. A visual editor lowers the incremental cost of answering them, resulting in teams running more experiments.
The real advantage is that teams can explore more ideas, test smaller assumptions, iterate on promising concepts, and build a clearer understanding of what customers respond to.
Instead of spending weeks debating which message should become the new default, teams can put several credible alternatives in front of real users and measure the result. You can even run a multi-arm bandit directly from the AI Visual Editor. The new workflow becomes:
Identify an opportunity.
Create a high-quality variation.
Launch it safely.
Measure its effect.
Use the result to inform the next decision.
The faster that loop becomes, the faster a team can improve.
‍
Personalize messaging for different audiences
Most websites present a single version of the company to every visitor.
But not every visitor arrives with the same problem, the same level of familiarity, or the same reason for evaluating the product.
Someone arriving from an AI-focused campaign may care about evaluating nondeterministic product experiences. An enterprise buyer may care more about security, governance, and deployment flexibility. A developer may care about SDK performance and implementation details. A marketing leader may care about conversion rates and how quickly their team can launch tests.
Sending all of these visitors to the same generic page often means presenting each of them with a diluted version of the message they actually need.
Client-side experimentation gives growth and marketing teams a practical way to test more relevant experiences for different audiences. The objective is not personalization for its own sake. Every additional experience creates complexity, and not every audience needs its own version of a website.
The value comes from being able to test whether a more relevant message actually improves the outcome.
‍
Validate ideas before investing in permanent development
Some ideas require substantial engineering work to implement correctly.
A redesigned pricing page may need new components. A different onboarding flow may require backend changes. A personalized experience may eventually need to be integrated deeply into the application.
But teams do not always need to build the complete version before learning whether the underlying idea has value.
A visual experiment can serve as a lightweight production prototype.
A growth team can create a realistic variation, expose it to a controlled audience, and measure whether it changes customer behavior. If the experiment performs poorly, the company avoids investing in a larger implementation. If it performs well, the team has evidence that can justify and guide the permanent build.
Not every experiment can or should be implemented through a visual editor. Changes involving application logic, backend systems, authentication, pricing calculations, or complex product behavior will still require engineering.
But even in those cases, a client-side test may help validate the customer-facing premise before the company commits to the full investment.
‍
Turn experimentation into a fun part of your work
Growth and marketing teams should not need to choose between moving quickly and running rigorous experiments. But more than that, GrowthBook’s AI Visual Editor allows your team to express their creativity while measuring quantifiable results.
Because the goal is not simply to change the website faster.
It is to learn what works, and have fun while doing it. The new AI Visual Editor is a
Chrome extension
. You can add it to your browser, open up the extension, connect to your GrowthBook account, and create experiments. Read the
Visual Editor docs
to see how it fits your setup.
‍
5.0
AI
Product Updates
Featured
Your agents can operate GrowthBook now
July 20, 2026
Topics
5.0
AI
Product Updates
Featured
Release
5.0
AI
Product Updates
Featured
Featured
true
Body
The
Fyxer team ran 541 experiments
last year with a small team. They didn’t just get faster at using their tools. They put agents in the loop to run the workflow itself.
This is the workflow they shared with us: someone fills out a form with a hypothesis and target metrics. This triggers an agent to create a flag and experiment in GrowthBook and publish to a company-wide experiment index. Someone starts the experiment with a “launch” message in Slack. Only 25% of their experiments won, but that fast iteration and learning loop helped drive ARR growth from $1M to $35M.
Fyxer wired that together themselves.
GrowthBook 5.0
makes this
agentic experience
first-class and accessible for more users and teams natively. Now, agents can operate GrowthBook: create flags, set targeting rules, brainstorm and create and launch experiments, with a consistent experience across interfaces.
How agents operate GrowthBook
Agents can now run GrowthBook from the places you work. Picture one experiment over the course of a week.
You start a morning in Claude Desktop brainstorming your next experiment. The GrowthBook skills ground your ideas in your own history: what you’ve run, what succeeded, and how metrics moved.
You pick a direction, switch to Cursor and build it. Your agent creates the feature flag, sets up the variations, and configures the experiment alongside the code changes. Our skills carry guardrails, so the experiment lands as a draft for a teammate to review rather than a live test. Review, launch, and ship it.
Create an experiment with GrowthBook Skills in Claude
Later in the week, you’ve got results. You open the GrowthBook app and ask the new AI Assistant how the test did and whether you should ship. You want to dig deeper into how feature usage differs across segments, so you work with the AI analyst to build out a dashboard to share with the team.
You change tools, but the platform and the experience stay the same.
We built this consistency by building reusable foundation elements:
25 open-source skills
that teach an agent how to use GrowthBook effectively across flags, experiments, and product analytics.
A
CLI
rebuilt with Speakeasy
that covers 100% of our REST API and regenerates automatically from our OpenAPI spec. It won’t drift, and it returns typed output with errors an agent can use effectively.
A comprehensive
REST API
underneath
that fuels the skills and the CLI. If you’d rather see it than read about it,
watch here
.
This foundation powers new ways you and your agents can run GrowthBook: the in-app AI Assistant, a reworked MCP server that integrates the skills, and a native Slack app (coming soon!).
How to trust your agents
When agents are part of your team, they should follow your team’s standards and processes, just like anyone else shipping flags or experiments. Agents can make mistakes, but we’ve built our skills and Assistant so that agent-driven changes land as drafts and a person reviews before anything publishes. The same approval policies, audit trails, and guardrails to catch bad flags before they ship apply to both humans and agents. Your team maintains judgment and governance.
We’ll dive more into the improvements we’ve made to governance, especially for features flags, on Thursday.
One platform for humans and agents
Whether you and your agents are in the terminal, the editor, or the app, you’re working on the same GrowthBook platform, with your flags, experiments, and warehouse data. We’ll keep evolving interfaces; you should never feel like you’ve outgrown the platform.
Connect your agent and
run your first skill
.
‍
Sign up
and join us for a live Office Hours Thursday, July 30, at 9am PT and tell us what to build next.
‍
Tomorrow
: the new AI Visual Editor, rebuilt from scratch to make experimentation easier in the browser.
Releases
5.0
Featured
GrowthBook 5.0: Build, ship, and improve at scale
July 20, 2026
Topics
Releases
5.0
Featured
Release
Releases
5.0
Featured
Featured
true
Body
GrowthBook 5.0
ships today
It’s not enough to write code and ship at the speed of AI. Companies that win consistently make their products better. GrowthBook 5.0 enables companies to build, ship, and improve their product at any scale.
Our last major release (v4) shipped a year ago. Since then, we’ve rewritten feature flags from scratch, built Product Analytics, made experimentation significantly faster, and integrated AI throughout.
GrowthBook 5.0 crystallizes the last year of work, and it’s big enough that a minor version number just wouldn’t do. We've touched nearly every corner of the platform, from how experiments are built to how flags are governed. And we’ve opened experimentation to your whole team, not just engineers. More people can ship flags, run tests, and make decisions from shared data, wherever they work: in the app, terminal, code editor, or browser.
There’s far more to cover than we can fit into one post, so we’re covering something new every day, all week:
Monday:
Agents
.
Official skills, a new in-app assistant, and a CLI that covers our entire API. Your agents can operate GrowthBook directly: ship flags, launch experiments, analyze results, and clean up after.
Tuesday:
The new AI Visual Editor
.
Rebuilt from scratch, AI-native experimentation from your browser, with image generation and Figma support. Your growth team can ship tests without waiting on an engineer.
Wednesday:
Product Analytics hits GA
.
Warehouse-native product analytics for engineers and experimenters, out of beta. Built on the same metrics your experiments already use, now with funnels, composable dashboards, and experiment meta-analysis.
‍
Thursday:
Governance for feature flags
.
Customizable guardrails that catch bad flags before they ship, protecting rollouts whether they come from humans or AI agents.
‍
Friday:
Faster experiments
.
Streamlined experiment setup, scheduled starts, and faster, cheaper warehouse queries. Designed for running experiments at scale.
GrowthBook 5.0 is live on Cloud now and
available
for self-hosted deployments. Check out the full release notes.
Sign up and join us for a live
Office Hours
on Thursday, July 30, at 9am PT. Bring your questions and tell us what we should build next.
Experiments
Featured
Lessons learned from Ronny Kohavi and Luke Sonnet: running trustworthy experiments
July 17, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Featured
Release
Experiments
Featured
Featured
true
Body
GrowthBook recently hosted a webinar with two people who have spent their careers on one hard problem: how do you know an A/B test result is real? Ronny Kohavi is the co-author of
Trustworthy Online Controlled Experiments
and previously led experimentation at Amazon, Microsoft (where his teams eventually ran about 300 new treatments every workday), and Airbnb. Luke Sonnet is head of experimentation at
GrowthBook
, where he leads the team building the statistics, metrics, and analysis behind the platform.
The theme was simple and a little uncomfortable: getting numbers is easy, getting numbers you can trust is hard. That line comes from an article Ronny co-wrote in 2010, and it still describes most published test results. Running an A/B test looks trivial. You ship the change, read the p-value, celebrate the lift. Underneath sit a dozen gotchas that quietly turn a "win" into noise.
This post distills what we took away: how easy it is to run an untrustworthy experiment, the steps that can improve trust during setup, the checks to run after it finishes, and the best questions from the live Q&A. You can watch the full webinar
here
or download the slides
here
.
1. It's surprisingly easy to run an untrustworthy experiment
Ronny opened with a John F. Kennedy line: we choose to go to the moon "not because it is easy, but because it is hard." His twist on it describes what he sees constantly: too many teams run experiments not because it is easy,
but because they thought it would be easy.
To make it concrete, he dissected a real, recently published experiment. The claims were impressive. A 44.8% lift, with a conversion rate jumping from about 55.7% to roughly 80%. "99% confidence," which the author defined as being 99% certain the result reflected a genuine difference and not a statistical accident. A 50/50 split with 54,000 users per variant. And an AI-powered treatment that, in the write-up, "smashed it out of the park." It was, as Ronny put it, buzzword compliant.
Then he took it apart. Four things were wrong, and every one of them is common:
The real sample was tiny.
The 54,000 "users per variant" counted everyone who entered the site. Only a small fraction actually reached the page that changed. That triggered population, the only one that matters for the test, was about 300 users total, split 176 and 124.
No power calculation.
With those numbers, the test had roughly 7% power instead of the standard 80%. In a low-power test, a significant result is almost guaranteed to exaggerate the true effect, here by an expected five times, and there was nearly a 10% chance the result pointed in the wrong direction entirely.
The p-value was misread.
"99% confidence" was treated as "99% chance the result is real." It is not. Accounting for a realistic win rate, the false positive risk on this result was about 87%.
Sample ratio mismatch.
A 50/50 design that produces 176 vs 124 has a p-value of about 0.003. The split being wrong was more statistically significant than the "win" itself.
The uncomfortable takeaway: this was not a uniquely bad experiment. It looks like a large share of the A/B test results published today. The rest of this post is about not being that example.
2. Steps to take during setup to make your test more trustworthy
Most trust problems are decided before a single user is bucketed. Here is what Ronny and Luke recommend building into setup.
Run a power calculation, and respect what it tells you
Power analysis gives you the minimum sample size you need. It takes four inputs: your baseline variance (or conversion rate), alpha (industry standard 0.05), power (industry standard 80%), and the minimum detectable effect, or MDE. The first three are easy. The MDE is where teams go wrong.
The MDE is the smallest effect you want to be able to detect, and reality is humbling. Real average treatment effects are small. At Bing, across tens of thousands of experiments, the average effect was rarely above 0.3%. Airbnb Search’s successful experiments improved conversion by about 0.3%. One widely cited toolkit analysis found a median lift of 0.1% across more than a thousand experiments. Ronny’s rule of thumb: never set an MDE above 5%. Anything higher is unreasonably optimistic, because results above 5% almost never happen unless the product is broken.
The catch is that small MDEs demand large samples, and many teams do not have them. That is a real trade-off, not a moral failing, but you have to make it consciously. Ronny’s own community project, Trustworthy A/B Patterns, settled on a 2% MDE because that matched the sample sizes available.
To ground it, here is roughly how many users you need to detect a 5% relative change, by baseline conversion rate:
Baseline conversion rate
Users needed (total)
50% (e.g. checkout completion)
12,000
20% (add-to-cart to checkout)
51,000
10% (initiate checkout)
100,000
5% (typical site conversion)
240,000
2% (expensive checkout)
600,000
1% (rare event)
1,300,000
Ronny’s blunt summary: if you only have around 10,000 users, you are nowhere unless your metric converts at around 50%.
Pick your significance threshold on purpose
Luke’s framing is that trust in an experiment is built on transparency and reliability. Statistical significance is the signal most teams lean on, and you control the threshold, often without realizing it. The default alpha of 0.05 says that if there is no real effect, 5% of experiments will look significant anyway. But why 0.05 for everything?
The better question is how costly a wrong call is. A feature that will dictate your roadmap for three years, or that needs ongoing support, deserves a stricter threshold like 0.01 or 0.001. A small, low-consequence change can tolerate a more relaxed one. The number should reflect the risk you are actually willing to take, not habit.
Plan against peeking and metric-shopping before the data can tempt you
Two of the most damaging habits are either baked in during setup or prevented there. Peeking, which means checking results and stopping the moment something looks significant, or simply running longer until it does, inflates your false positive rate. Running two weeks and then checking daily for another two weeks pushes a 5% Type 1 error rate up to about 17%, and it inflates the estimated effect size on top of that. Testing many metrics has the same effect: with one decision metric your error rate is 5%, with two it is 10%, with three about 14%.
If you know you will want to look early, plan for it. Use an alpha-spending approach that only looks at pre-set intervals, or sequential testing if you have robust enough data infrastructure to check continuously. If you genuinely need multiple decision metrics, apply a multiple-comparisons correction. The goal is not to make experimentation impossible; it is to decide the rules before the data can tempt you.
Setup checklist
Define your OEC (overall evaluation criterion) and guardrail metrics first; they set your MDE and required sample size.
Run a power calculation. Do not skip it because the MDE is hard to pick.
Set your MDE at or below 5%, and lower if your sample allows.
Size for the triggered population that actually sees the change, not total site traffic.
Choose alpha based on how costly a wrong decision would be.
Commit to a fixed runtime or sample size up front, and write it down.
Aim for a single decision metric; if you need several, plan a correction now.
If you are underpowered, try variance reduction such as
CUPED
before concluding you cannot test.
3. What to check after you've run an experiment
A clean setup is not enough. Before you trust a result, run these checks.
Check for sample ratio mismatch first
This was Ronny’s number one test. If you ran a 50/50 split, you should see roughly equal counts in each variant. When you do not, something is usually broken. He showed a Microsoft experiment split 50.2 / 49.8, which sounds close enough, but with large samples that deviation should occur only about 1 in 500,000 times. Since you did not run 500,000 experiments, you have a problem.
And SRM is not rare. Microsoft found 6% of its experiments had one, years into a mature program, measured against a strict 0.001 threshold. Convert.com found 6.5% after adding the check. One company Ronny consulted for had SRM in 20% of its experiments.
Why it matters so much: an SRM usually means a skewed population snuck in. He showed a Bing experiment with gorgeous results, five key metrics all up, some p-values as small as 2e-10. But the split was 0.497 instead of 0.5. The cause turned out to be a bot. Once they excluded it, none of the five metrics was significant anymore.
Back to the published example: 176 vs 124 on a 50/50 design gives a p-value of about 0.003, so the mismatch was more significant than the reported result. If your tool does not run a
sample ratio mismatch check
automatically, it is a quick p-value calculation, and it is worth doing at the end of every experiment.
Compute false positive risk, not just the p-value
"99% confidence" does not mean a 99% chance the result is real. A p-value is a conditional probability: it assumes the null hypothesis is true. What you actually want is the false positive risk, the chance that a statistically significant result is a false positive. That needs one extra input: the prior probability that an idea succeeds. Historical win rates give you that prior.
Organization
Success rate
Microsoft
(early, heavy QA)
33%
Avinash Kaushik (estimate)
20%
Bing
15%
Booking
,
Google Ads
,
Netflix
,
Optimizely
~10%
Airbnb
Search
8%
At a median success rate and alpha 0.05, you do not have 95% confidence, you have about 22% false positive risk, so roughly 78% confidence. Ship at a looser 0.10, as some tools default to, and more than a third (36%) of your "significant" results are false positives. If you do not know your win rate, Ronny suggests assuming 10%. Applied to the published example, the false positive risk was about 87%.
Apply Twyman’s Law to anything that looks great
"Any figure that looks interesting or different is usually wrong." When you see a beautiful lift, the instinct is to email the whole company. Do not. Double- and triple-check it first, because extreme results are usually bugs. Ronny has never seen a trustworthy experiment move a real OEC by 44%. It does not happen unless the product is broken, like a checkout that literally cannot complete.
Run the background sanity checks
A/A tests.
Ronny’s top recommendation. Split users into two identical groups with no difference between them. If the system is healthy, a given metric should be significant only about 5% of the time. Better still, run many A/A tests and confirm the p-values are roughly uniform; deviations expose bugs in randomization, variance estimation, or the pipeline.
Bot traffic.
Most teams underestimate it. At Bing, 50% of US traffic was bot-generated, and 90% in Russia and China. Yours is probably lower, but bots create skew and SRMs, so filter them.
Novelty and primacy effects.
If the treatment effect drifts up or down over time, it may be users reacting to newness rather than a durable effect. It is less common than people fear, since early trends are often just noise, but it is worth watching.
Post-run checklist
Run the SRM check and treat a failing one as a red card, not a footnote.
Compute false positive risk using your real win rate, not just the p-value.
Do not peek or extend runtime just to reach significance.
Do not cherry-pick whichever metric happened to turn out significant.
Apply Twyman’s Law to any unusually large result.
Confirm A/A tests, bot filtering, and novelty/primacy checks are in place.
4. Frequently asked questions from the webinar
We are a B2B product with low user counts and are always underpowered. Should we just not A/B test?
No. B2B is genuinely harder; even Microsoft struggled to power tests on products like Office when randomizing by company. But you have levers. Use CUPED variance reduction, which exploits historical data and pays off especially when customers are repeat visitors: it cut required sample size by roughly 50% at Bing and 5 to 10 times at Airbnb. Consider larger MDEs, since B2B changes are often bigger, and accept a longer runtime. Luke’s higher-level point is to fit experiments into your broader information ecosystem. Sometimes the honest goal is just to rule out that you are cratering a key flow, which you can do with a one-tailed non-inferiority test instead of pretending you have precision you do not.
How do we keep the winner’s curse from burning us?
Use holdouts. Combine a batch of shipped tests and compare their summed predicted effect against a long-running holdout. If your experiments claimed +10% conversion for the quarter but the holdout shows +5%, that gap tells you how much you are fooling yourself.
Is Bayesian A/B testing affected by low power? Would it change the 300-user example?
Not really. You still only have 300 users. Bayesian methods let you bring in prior information, but with uninformative priors the results align closely with frequentist ones. Informative priors only help if you genuinely understand the domain, and in online experiments, believing you have strong, correct priors is usually misleading. Notably, GrowthBook uses weak informative priors over the lift, which actually widens the uncertainty bounds and makes a 44% lift on 300 users harder to claim, exactly the Twyman’s-Law guardrail you want.
How do we handle ratio metrics (like views per user) when randomization is at the user level?
Use the Delta method to correct the variance for metrics whose denominator is not the randomization unit. Good tools handle this automatically in both the analysis and the power calculation; GrowthBook, for example, uses your historical data to size ratio metrics correctly.
If one arm wins on every single day of the week, is that extra evidence it is a real winner?
A little, but do not invent new rules like "three winning days means ship." Trust the aggregate and its p-value. The more useful version of this habit is the reverse: if an experiment is positive every day and then sharply negative one day, investigate that day for an outage or bug, but only exclude it if you find a real, documented cause.
In low-power settings, can we use more sensitive proxy metrics, like add-to-cart instead of revenue?
Yes, if you have a sound mental model of how the proxy relates to the real goal. Both Ronny and Luke are fans of validated surrogate metrics; Ronny’s teams ran experiments specifically to confirm a surrogate’s causal link before trusting it. Just keep an eye on the downstream metric so you are not optimizing add-to-cart while customers fall off later.
5. Conclusion
The theme running through the webinar: A/B tests are the gold standard, but trust does not come free. It comes from effort, from the sanity checks, the power calculations, and the discipline to honor the threshold you set. The published "44.8% lift" failed four independent checks at once, and it is representative, not exceptional.
Run the setup checklist before you launch and the post-run checklist before you ship, and you will catch the overwhelming majority of untrustworthy results before they reach a roadmap. If you want a platform that runs SRM checks, CUPED, sequential testing, and proper ratio-metric handling out of the box, you can
start experimenting in GrowthBook
. And to hear the full discussion, including Ronny’s worked calculations,
watch the webinar recording
or explore his
A/B testing courses
on Maven.
‍
Compare
7 Best LaunchDarkly alternatives & competitors (2026)
July 17, 2026
Topics
Compare
Release
Compare
Featured
false
Body
LaunchDarkly
is the enterprise default for
feature management
, and for good reason. It offers mature governance, broad SDK coverage across 25+ languages, progressive delivery controls, and since the Highlight acquisition in 2025, an observability layer for release monitoring.
The platform was built for release governance, and it excels there. But here are a few areas that make many users report an issue with:
Usage-based pricing that increases as you grow. So, you pay per service connection and per client-side monthly active user, and teams regularly report costs doubling at renewal with little visibility into what drove the increase.
The experimentation product is sold as a separate paid add-on with its own metering at $3 per 1,000 client-side MAUs, in addition to your existing feature management tier.
There’s no self-hosting option for the control plane. This is a problem for engineering organizations with strict data-residency requirements or air-gapped environments.
There are documented reliability concerns, including the
October 2025 outage
that affected flag evaluation for multiple customers.
It’s closed source with no way to audit the stats engine or fork the code if the vendor relationship changes.
A recent Reddit thread
drew dozens of engineers
making this exact point. The tool that simplified releases has become its own source of vendor lock-in.
Source
If you’re looking for a LaunchDarkly alternative, this guide walks you through 7 platforms that include a combination of feature management, experimentation, analytics, and deployment governance.
What is LaunchDarkly?
LaunchDarkly
is a proprietary enterprise feature management platform that’s now specifically catering to companies adopting AI-native development processes. It was established in 2014 and was one of the first tools to give engineering teams a way to separate deployments from releases at scale. Since then, though, it has expanded well beyond that original scope through acquisitions.
The platform covers the core feature management workflow and, as of 2026, also spans observability and analytics. You get:
Boolean and multivariate feature flags with percentage-based rollouts
User targeting and segmentation by attributes and custom contexts
Approval workflows, audit logs, role-based access controls, and environment-level permissions
Progressive delivery with kill switches and flag scheduling
Experimentation via a paid add-on with its own stats engine
Warehouse-native analytics via the Houseware acquisition (February 2025), currently Snowflake-only
Session replay and error monitoring via the Highlight acquisition (April 2025)
The Highlight acquisition was one of the reasons the company repositioned LaunchDarkly around what the company calls “Runtime control for AI-era software.” In practice, the platform now spans feature flags, experimentation, analytics, and observability. But all of those products are billed separately, which balloons the overall cost of ownership. It has four pricing plans:
The free Developer tier caps you at 5 service connections and 1,000 monthly active users.
Paid plans start with Foundation, priced per service connection plus per client-side MAU, with experimentation billed separately at $3 per 1,000 client-side MAUs.
Enterprise and Guardian tiers use custom pricing for advanced security and governance features.
When it comes to deployment, it’s SaaS-only with no self-hosted control plane. The Relay Proxy lets you cache flag evaluations locally, but the management UI, targeting rules, and experiment configuration all depend on LaunchDarkly’s infrastructure.
As of July 2026, G2 users rate it
4.5/5 based on 740+ reviews
.
It’s built for large engineering organizations with complex release pipelines and strict compliance requirements. But if you need experimentation, analytics, governance, and feature flags working together without separate billing for each, you’ll want a platform that integrates these capabilities from the beginning.
Why engineering and product teams look for LaunchDarkly alternatives
Even though LaunchDarkly does feature management well, engineering and product teams start evaluating alternatives when issues start arising after the flag goes live. Here’s what happens:
The usage-based pricing model is unpredictable:
LaunchDarkly bills per service connection on the server side and per monthly active user on the client side. Many LaunchDarkly users say that the costs frequently spike at renewal. In fact, one user said their annual contract would increase from
$10,000 to $45,000
under the new pricing model. These billing surprises come too late, when you’re already locked in, and migrating can be a huge hassle. Many teams find
LaunchDarkly to be too expensive
and end up looking for a cheaper alternative.
Experimentation sold as a paid add-on:
The experimentation module isn’t bundled with feature flags. It’s a separate product with separate billing. And it’s metered layer at $3 per 1,000 MAUs. The stats engine offers Bayesian and frequentist methods, but percentile analysis is still in beta and incompatible with CUPED. Also, funnel metrics are limited to average analysis only. If you want to run experiments with the rigor you’d apply to product analytics, you’re paying extra for a module that doesn’t fully deliver it.
The stats engine is a black box:
You can see experiment results within the platform, but you can’t reproduce the statistical calculations independently or validate them in your own warehouse. They don’t publish their methodology, so there’s no way to audit how results are computed. For data teams that need to verify outcomes before making product decisions, this is a significant gap.
No self-hosting option:
The control plane is SaaS-only. That means your targeting rules, experiment configuration, user segments, and the management dashboard all run on LaunchDarkly’s infrastructure. If you’re in a regulated industry or need an air-gapped environment, this won’t work because it poses a significant security and compliance risk.
Reliability tied to vendor uptime:
LaunchDarkly has logged over
800 tracked outages
since November 2019. The October 2025 incident affected approximately 99% of server-side SDKs globally for 24 hours. Even though the Relay Proxy mitigates network dependency, it adds operational complexity, and you’re still dependent on the vendor for configuration updates. The new updates have also resulted in a
more unstable version of the app
, forcing users to look for more reliable alternatives.
Warehouse-native capabilities limited to Snowflake:
The Houseware acquisition added warehouse-native experimentation, but it’s currently restricted to Snowflake and requires high-level account permissions to set up. The platform-managed metrics can fall out of sync with your warehouse data, creating discrepancies between what LaunchDarkly reports and what your data team sees.
Complex targeting that requires cross-team coordination:
LaunchDarkly’s multi-context targeting model requires upfront schema design and SDK-level changes. If you’re adding a new targeting rule, you’ll need to coordinate across engineering teams, and you can run only one active experiment per feature flag without workarounds. This issue limits how quickly you can iterate.
No native way to measure rollout impact:
The platform controls how features ship, but doesn’t connect the rollout to an actual result. You’ll need additional tools to actually see if the feature flag and its associated rollout made a difference to business-related metrics.
Closed source with high switching costs:
LaunchDarkly SDKs, which are roughly twice the size of most competitors’, embed deep into your codebase across services. It takes months to migrate from LaunchDarkly, and there’s no way to run a self-hosted fallback during the transition. The code is proprietary, so you can’t fork it or audit the internals.
What to look for in a LaunchDarkly alternative
Here are a few things you need to look at before choosing an alternative to LaunchDarkly:
Breadth versus depth:
Do you need a single-purpose feature management platform, or an all-in-one tool that bundles experimentation, analytics, and session replay? A dedicated platform will go deeper into flag governance and release safety, but an all-in-one platform will consolidate your tool stack. However, the latter could treat any single capability as one product among many, so the product you need may not be as robust.
Pricing model predictability:
LaunchDarkly bills per service connection and per client-side MAU, with experimentation adding another metered layer. While per-seat pricing scales with your team size, per-MAU and per-event pricing scale with your traffic. You really need to look at your traffic patterns and team size to see which model makes the most sense for your organization.
Built-in experimentation with a transparent stats engine:
Some platforms include experimentation as a core capability with an open, auditable statistical methodology. If your data team needs to reproduce and verify results, the difference matters because it decides how credible your experiments are—especially if you’re making product-related decisions.
Self-hosting and open source:
A full self-hosted deployment gives you control over data residency, air-gapped environments, and vendor independence. But an
open-source license
(MIT or Apache 2.0) adds another layer of transparency and auditability. In this case, you can audit the code, fork it if the vendor relationship changes, and contribute to the product. This gives you more space to comply with regulatory requirements while building confidence in your infrastructure.
Warehouse-native measurement:
If your data already lives in Snowflake, BigQuery, or Redshift, a
warehouse-native platform
can run experiment analysis directly against your existing tables. This keeps metrics consistent across your analytics pipeline and eliminates the need to reconcile numbers between vendor dashboards and your own data warehouse. If you do use other platforms, check if the alternative actually integrates with them.
Depth of governance and at what tier:
These days, governance features like approval workflows, audit logs, RBAC, ramp schedules with guardrails, and stale flag detection are table stakes even for mid-market teams. But most feature flagging, experimentation, and analytics platforms gate it behind enterprise tiers. So cross-check that before signing up.
SDK coverage and evaluation architecture:
Choose a platform with SDKs for every language in your stack. Evaluate the initialization workflow because some SDKs require a network call on every evaluation, which adds latency to every request. Others evaluate locally from a cached payload and stay off your hot path entirely.
Migration path from LaunchDarkly:
Switching feature flag platforms touches every service that evaluates a flag. Look for a dedicated importer that can pull your existing flags, environments, targeting rules, and rollout configurations via API. This is the part that decides whether you’ll actually spend months migrating between platforms.
Best LaunchDarkly alternatives in 2026
Here’s how different alternatives to LaunchDarkly stack up against each other:
Feature
GrowthBook
PostHog
Statsig
Optimizely
Split (Harness)
Unleash
VWO
Open source
✅ MIT
⚠️ Partial (MIT core)
❌
❌
❌
✅ Apache 2.0
❌
Self-hosted
✅ Full-featured
⚠️ Available, cloud-first
❌
❌
❌
✅ Full-featured
❌
Built-in experimentation
✅ Warehouse-native
✅ Basic
✅ Warehouse-native
✅ Enterprise-grade
✅ With metric attribution
❌
✅ CRO-focused
Warehouse-native measurement
✅ 11+ sources
❌
✅
✅ Snowflake, BigQuery, Databricks
✅ Warehouse-native
❌
❌
Guardrails and auto-rollback
✅
❌
⚠️
✅
✅
⚠️ Impact Metrics (beta)
❌
AI-native features (MCP)
✅
✅
✅
✅
✅
✅
❌
Pricing model
Per seat
Per event
Per event
Custom enterprise
Custom enterprise
Per seat
Custom per module
Best for
Open-source flags + warehouse-native experimentation + product analytics
Product teams wanting flags + web/LLM/product analytics + sessions replay
Teams optimizing for flags + analytics in one tool
Enterprise DXP: CMS + commerce + experimentation
Teams on Harness CI/CD or focused on CI/CD automation
Governance-focused flags, no experimentation
Marketing CRO + visual A/B testing
1. GrowthBook
GrowthBook is an
open-source platform
that pairs
enterprise-grade feature flags
with built-in, warehouse-native
experimentatio
n and
product analytics
. It also offers full
self-hosting
so you can stay compliant with different regulations in your industry.
Source
You can think of GrowthBook as three products inside one MIT-licensed codebase:
A fast feature flag engine with 24+ SDKs and sub-millisecond local evaluation
A production-grade experimentation engine that runs SQL against the warehouse you already use.
A strong
product analytics product
that acts as a managed warehouse for your product data.
All your feature flags evaluate from a locally cached payload, so your application never depends on GrowthBook being available. That’s how companies like
Dropbox
process over 3 billion flag evaluations daily on self-hosted GrowthBook. The platform is trusted by
Khan Academy
,
Upstart
,
Breeze Airways
, Mistral, and 3 of the 5 largest LLM companies in the world.
“GrowthBook gave us a modern experimentation and release platform that actually fits how Dropbox works. We can run analytics directly on our data lake, roll features out safely in stages, and support teams across different stacks without duplicating data or tooling.”
— Alex Kalish, Engineering Manager,
Dropbox
In fact, GrowthBook’s
latest 4.4 release
closed the governance gap that enterprise teams previously cited when comparing to LaunchDarkly. You get in-depth features like:
Ramp schedules to define staged rollouts with guardrail metrics at each stage and auto-rollback if those metrics degrade.
Approval workflows now cover environment kill switches, prerequisites, saved groups, and metadata changes.
The rebuilt API exposes over 250 Zod-driven endpoints
The
MCP server
makes the full experiment and flag lifecycle programmable for tools like Claude Code and Cursor.
In short: GrowthBook doesn’t treat feature flagging, experimentation, or product analytics as three separate modules—but rather as
one
platform to make better product decisions.
GrowthBook key features
GrowthBook's features
Feature flags (including AI-native flags)
Boolean, string, numeric, and JSON
feature flag
values with multi-environment management. Targeting by attribute, device, geography, or custom properties; saved groups for reusable segments—gradual rollouts from 10% to 100% with deterministic hashing. AI-native capabilities include ramp schedules for model and prompt deployments,
stale feature detection
, Feature Evaluation Diagnostics for rule-by-rule traces, and approval flows that work whether a human or an agent makes the change.
Experimentation and statistical engine
Bayesian and frequentist analyses, sequential testing with always-valid confidence intervals, CUPED variance reduction (cuts experiment runtime by 20–50%), sample-ratio mismatch detection, post-stratification, and multi-armed bandits.
Open source and inspectable on GitHub
.
Product analytics
Metric and Data Explorer
, AI Data Analyst (beta), shared dashboards, SQL Explorer with text-to-SQL. Available on all plans.
Open source and standards
MIT license. OpenFeature-compatible (CNCF standard) with official providers for Java, Python, Go, .NET, JavaScript, and the Vercel Flags SDK. See our
open-source feature flagging comparison
.
License and Deployment
MIT-licensed open source
. Three deployment options: GrowthBook Cloud, fully self-hosted (Docker / Kubernetes), and Cloud with Managed Warehouse. Same codebase across all three. See
deployment options
.
SDKs and performance
24 SDKs across server-side, frontend, mobile, and edge runtimes. JavaScript SDK ships at 13.6kb gzipped. SDKs evaluate locally from a cached payload, so you get sub-millisecond performance with zero network calls per check. See
feature flag experiments
.
Data warehouse support
Direct connection
to Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift, ClickHouse, Databricks, Athena, Postgres, MySQL, MS SQL, Presto/Trino, and Vertica.
Safe Rollouts and Governance
Staged rollouts
from 10% to 100% with sequential guardrails pulled from your warehouse. If a rollout degrades revenue or error rates, the platform surfaces warnings and can auto-rollback. Enterprise adds approval workflows, ramp schedules, and prerequisite flags.
MCP server
MCP server
for Cursor, Claude Code, and Codex. AI Data Analyst for natural-language metric exploration.
AI Skills
Access
over 23 pre-built skills
for creating feature flags, targeting rules, rollout plans, and flag clean-up.
APIs
Over 250 REST API endpoints
so that AI coding tools can use the CLI to do almost everything a human can do through the GrowthBook UI, including creating feature flags, roll-out schedules and feature flag clean-up.
Advanced governance
Role-based access control, full audit logs on every flag and experiment change, and configurable approval workflows requiring one or more reviewers before changes go live. Enterprise adds prerequisite flags, code references for stale flag cleanup, custom validation hooks, and granular approval gates for production environments.
Security and compliance
SOC 2 Type II and ISO 27001 certified
. Compliant with GDPR, COPPA, and CCPA, with HIPAA BAA available for Enterprise customers. Self-hosted Enterprise deployments can satisfy HIPAA requirements inside your own certified infrastructure. Warehouse-native architecture means no end-user PII ever leaves your environment during flag evaluation.
Migration tools
Built-in
importers for LaunchDarkly
to pull projects, environments, flags, targeting rules, rollouts, and prerequisite flags directly through the dashboard.
Pricing
Cloud Starter is free
(3 users, 3 environments, 1M CDN req/mo). The paid plans include the Pro plan at $40/user/month for up to 50 users, and the Enterprise plan (custom quote). Self-hosted OSS is free with no traffic cap.
Reviews
G2: 4.6/5 across 26 reviews
.
7,000+ GitHub stars
. 100B+ daily flag evaluations across the customer base.
Pros of GrowthBook
Create and manage feature flags, experiments, and rollout plans directly from Claude Code or Cursor through the MCP server and the rebuilt REST API.
Smart feature flags with ramp schedules, per-stage guardrail metrics, and auto-rollback connect to any metric in your data warehouse. You can ship features at velocity and verify they’re working without switching tools or waiting for a separate analysis.
Flags and experimentation live on a single platform with a single data source, so you don’t reconcile data across vendors. Several users say that these capabilities being available on a single platform make it a much
more affordable option
.
The lightest-weight SDKs in the category evaluate locally with zero network calls, so your application never depends on GrowthBook’s availability.
Per-seat pricing with unlimited traffic and experiments means your bill stays predictable as your product scales. GrowthBook costs roughly
1/5th the cost
of LaunchDarkly for comparable deployments.
The stats engine is fully open source, and every calculation is reproducible via SQL. Your data team can audit the math on GitHub rather than trusting a vendor’s black box.
Even though it has its own experimentation product, you can still
import data from other tools
and analyze it in GrowthBook.
Drawbacks of GrowthBook
Full experimentation value depends on having a data warehouse. GrowthBook Cloud now offers a Managed Warehouse, but self-hosters need to bring their own.
Fewer federal-specific compliance certifications
compared to LaunchDarkly
. Even though it has certifications such as SOC 2 Type II and ISO 27001, it’s not FedRAMP or ISO 27701-certified.
No Terraform provider for infrastructure-as-code workflows.
Narrower niche SDK coverage. LaunchDarkly supports Haskell, Erlang, and Apex, in addition to the standard set. GrowthBook’s 24+ SDKs cover most platforms but don’t support these legacy runtimes.
How GrowthBook compares to LaunchDarkly
Both platforms handle enterprise feature management, but they’re built on different assumptions about what happens after the flag goes live:
GrowthBook wins
for teams that want enterprise-grade feature flags with predictable per-seat pricing, open source and full self-hosting, lighter SDKs with zero-network-call evaluation, and built-in experimentation measured in their own warehouse—at roughly
1/5th the cost
. The dedicated
LaunchDarkly importer
means most teams complete the migration the same day.
LaunchDarkly wins
for large enterprises that need the most mature release-governance ecosystem with multi-stage approvals, the broadest integration catalog (including native Terraform and ServiceNow), specific federal compliance certifications like FedRAMP, and are comfortable with cloud-only, usage-based pricing.
See a full side by side comparison of
GrowthBook vs LaunchDarkly
.
Who is GrowthBook best for?
Engineering
,
product management
, and
data teams
from any kind of company, whether it’s a startup or an enterprise. These companies typically want LaunchDarkly-grade feature flag management plus real experimentation without per-MAU pricing or vendor lock-in.
It’s a particularly strong fit for companies in regulated industries like
fintech
,
healthtech
, and
AI software
, where
data sovereignty
and self-hosting are non-negotiable.
2. PostHog
PostHog
is an all-in-one, MIT-licensed product platform that bundles product analytics, feature flags, A/B testing, session replay, error tracking, surveys, and heatmaps into a single codebase.
Source
The platform’s main focus is on consolidation, so instead of stitching together LaunchDarkly for flags, Amplitude for analytics, and FullStory for session replays, you get all of it from one vendor with a shared event model. Considering this, the pricing model is quite generous and usage-based, and in fact, 90% of PostHog users don’t pay for the platform.
But where it actually differs from LaunchDarkly is the scope of the product. While LaunchDarkly was built for feature management, PostHog was built analytics-first—and it shows. So, you might get robust analytics data, but you won’t get the feature-flagging depth that the former offers.
PostHog key features
PostHog's features
Feature flags
Offers Boolean and multivariate flags and lets you customize your rollout strategy by user or group properties, cohort, or traffic percentage. Also, lets you bootstrap flags on initialization, so all flags are available immediately on page load.
Experimentation
Run experiments even on qualitative data, such as session recordings. Supports tests like A/A testing, A/B testing, A/B/N testing, Holdout testing, Fake door testing, and Redirect testing.
Product analytics
Trends, funnels, retention, paths, lifecycle, SQL querying via HogQL, custom dashboards, cohort analysis, group analytics. Autocapture tracks interactions without manual instrumentation.
Session replay
Full DOM recordings with console logs, network activity, and performance metrics synced to analytics events. Web and mobile.
Additional products
Web analytics, error tracking, LLM observability, heatmaps, surveys, CDP, data warehouse, workflows, logs, and an AI assistant.
License and deployment
MIT-licensed core with a proprietary ee/ directory for enterprise features. Three options: PostHog Cloud, self-hosted Docker Compose (recommended only up to ~300K events/month), or the posthog-foss build for teams that want zero proprietary code. Self-hosting requires ClickHouse, Kafka, PostgreSQL, and Redis, which is significantly more infrastructure than lightweight alternatives.
SDKs and performance
Coverage across JavaScript, React, Node, Python, Ruby, Go, PHP, Java, iOS, Android, and Flutter. Autocapture is available for browser-based products. Performance can degrade on large datasets.
AI observability
Monitor AI products by inspecting latency, traces, spans, usage, and per-user costs.
Posthog AI and MCP server
Use PostHog AI (Max), a natural-language assistant to debug code and answer analytics questions. The MCP server lets you connect Posthog with tools like Claude Code and Cursor and run actions through them.
Security and compliance
SOC 2 Type II. HIPAA BAA is available on the Enterprise add-on.
Pricing
Free tier with generous limits. Pay-as-you-go after that: $0.00005/event for analytics, $0.0001/request for flags, $0.005/recording for replay. Platform add-ons at $250/mo (Boost), $750/mo (Scale), or $2,000/mo (Enterprise).
Reviews
G2: 4.5/5 across 1,048 reviews
.
Pros of PostHog
Analytics, flags, experiments, session replay, error tracking, surveys, heatmaps, and a CDP in one tool with a shared event model. You don’t reconcile data across vendors because everything runs on the same data layer.
The free tier includes 1M analytics events, 5K session recordings, and 1M feature flag requests per month with no credit card required. Most small teams never hit the paid threshold.
The core codebase is
MIT-licensed
and self-hostable for full data control, though the infrastructure footprint is substantially larger than that of lighter-weight alternatives.
You can go from a funnel drop-off to the
exact session recording
that shows what happened, without switching tools. In fact, even error tracking becomes easier because of the qualitative data at hand.
Many users also say it’s quite
easy to install
and get started with, even if you’re a non-technical user.
Drawbacks of PostHog
The experimentation engine is not as advanced as GrowthBook or LaunchDarkly. For example, it doesn’t offer sequential testing, CUPED variance reduction, post-stratification, or SRM detection. You can’t add metrics retroactively after an experiment starts.
PostHog analyzes experiment results inside its own platform, not in your data warehouse. Results aren’t reproducible via SQL against your own data, and you can’t audit the calculations.
Growth and marketing teams can’t run headline tests or CTA changes without a visual editor — every experiment requires code.
Every experiment evaluation counts as a feature flag request, which means high-traffic experiments directly increase your bill. You’ll need to
plan your event-tracking strategy
carefully to avoid it.
Self-hosting requires ClickHouse, Kafka, PostgreSQL, and Redis at a minimum, along with 4 vCPU, 16GB RAM, and 30 GB+ of storage. Kubernetes deployments are no longer officially supported for new installs. The company actively discourages self-hosting for that reason.
The web app tends to use
too much memory
, which can slow down your browser/computer while you use it.
How PostHog compares to LaunchDarkly
PostHog and LaunchDarkly solve different problems. Here’s how they compare with each other:
PostHog wins
for product teams at startups and mid-stage companies that want one vendor for analytics, flags, session replay, and experimentation. And this is especially true if the free tier covers their volume and they value MIT-licensed source code.
LaunchDarkly wins
for mid-sized and enterprise teams that need multi-stage approval workflows, the broadest integration catalog, federal compliance certifications, and deep feature management. LaunchDarkly also has stronger enterprise governance controls that PostHog simply doesn’t offer right now.
Who is PostHog best for?
Product teams at startups and growth-stage companies want to consolidate their analytics, feature flag, session replay, and experimentation tools into a single platform. If you’re currently paying for Amplitude plus LaunchDarkly plus FullStory and want one vendor instead, PostHog is designed for that tradeoff. It’s less suited for teams that need deep, warehouse-native experimentation or enterprise-grade release governance.
3. Statsig
Statsig
is a product experimentation platform founded by former Facebook VP of Engineering Vijaye Raji. The platform bundles feature flags, A/B testing with advanced statistics, product analytics, and session replay.
Source
While it’s known for its excellent experimentation capabilities, its recent acquisitions have brought that into question. In September 2025, it was acquired by OpenAI, but by May 2026, Amplitude took over the Statsig brand. Essentially, Amplitude takes over the code but not the team behind it. It has not yet been clarified how Statsig’s warehouse-native architecture will coexist with Amplitude’s event-stream roots, or what the pricing will be at renewal.
Statsig key features
Statsig's features
Feature flags
Feature flagging for smarter releases includes automated release management workflows. Flag analytics are built in to monitor exposure events in real time.
Product analytics
Real-time dashboards, custom metrics, funnel analysis, and user dimension breakdowns. Included at no extra cost on Pro.
Session replay
Auto-captured events synced with flag checks and experiment exposures. 50,000 free replays per month. Conditional recording triggers.
License and deployment
Proprietary, cloud only. Some open-source SDKs, but the core platform and stats engine are closed source. The warehouse-native mode keeps your data in the warehouse, while the control plane stays in the Statsig cloud.
SDKs and performance
30+ SDKs across server-side (Java, Kotlin, Node, Python, Ruby, Go, .NET, PHP), client-side (JavaScript, React, iOS, Android, Dart, Flutter), and edge environments.
Statistical engine
Bayesian and frequentist methods, CUPED variance reduction, sequential testing, SRM detection, holdouts, layers, and contextual bandits. Included on all paid plans.
Warehouse support
Warehouse-native architecture supports Snowflake, BigQuery, Databricks, Redshift, and Athena. Its compute runs in your warehouse, but the control plane stays in the Statsig cloud. It's only available in the Enterprise plan.
Industry focus
Gaming, B2B SaaS, Ecommerce
Pricing
Free Developer tier (2M events/mo, unlimited flag checks, 50K session replays). Two paid tiers: Pro at $150/mo base + $0.05 per 1K events over 5M, and Enterprise is priced on a custom basis.
Reviews
G2: 4.7/5 across 347 reviews
.
Pros of Statsig
It offers various analysis methods, such as CUPED, sequential testing, stratified sampling, switchback experiments,
mutual exclusion layers
, and holdout groups. Before the acquisition, this was one of the most statistically rigorous experimentation platforms.
Enterprise customers can run experiment analysis directly in their own BigQuery, Snowflake, Databricks, or Redshift instance through
warehouse-native mode
. Data never leaves your infrastructure.
The
free Developer tier
includes 2M metered events per month, unlimited seats, and 50K session replays with no credit card required. Analytics and experimentation are both included.
You can
define customer user dimensions
, which makes it easier to slice and dice data as you see fit.
Drawbacks of Statsig
The engineering team that built Statsig is at OpenAI. Amplitude inherited the code, customers, and brand — but not the people. How quickly Amplitude can staff up, learn the codebase, and ship improvements is an open question that every buyer should pressure-test before signing a multi-year contract.
The platform is entirely proprietary and cloud-only. You cannot audit the statistical engine or run the platform on your own infrastructure.
Some users report that the platform can
feel overwhelming at first
, and it takes time to set up (typically days to weeks).
Feature flagging capabilities are best
suited to experimentation use cases
rather than launching new features. Statsig’s bread and butter is A/B testing.
Statsig’s feature flags auto-capture a lot of metrics, which is useful for product analytics, but can cause Statsig’s event-based pricing to increase dramatically, even if the customer isn’t using Statsig product analytics.
Event-based metering means costs grow with traffic. So, higher-volume applications can see bills increase faster than expected, and you’ll need to jump between plans to keep up.
How Statsig compares to LaunchDarkly
Statsig and LaunchDarkly overlap on feature flags but differ in the depth of experimentation. Here’s how you can choose:
Statsig wins
(or won, pre-acquisition) for teams that want advanced experimentation bundled with feature flags and analytics at a lower entry price than LaunchDarkly’s experimentation add-on.
LaunchDarkly wins
for enterprise teams that prioritize platform stability, the broadest compliance certifications, and mature release governance.
Who is Statsig best for?
Teams that already use Statsig and are evaluating whether to continue using it through the Amplitude transition. For new buyers, the calculus is different: the experimentation engine is strong, but signing a new contract with a platform mid-ownership change requires confidence that Amplitude will maintain the quality and roadmap that attracted customers in the first place. If you need warehouse-native experimentation from an independent vendor,
GrowthBook
is a much more stable long-term bet.
4. Optimizely
Optimizely
is an enterprise digital experience platform (DXP) that bundles several features under the Optimizely One brand. Some of them include:
A/B testing
Feature flags
Content Management System
Commerce
Content marketing
AI-powered personalization
Source
It was founded in 2009 as a pure-play A/B testing tool. The company was acquired by Swedish CMS vendor Episerver in 2020, which rebranded itself as Optimizely in January 2021. That’s how it moves on from being a pure experimentation platform to “powering” digital experiences. The pricing is quite comparable to LaunchDarkly, as they cater to enterprises. In fact, the average contract value is
$82,894
, according to public data.
But if you’re evaluating Optimizely specifically as a LaunchDarkly alternative for feature flags, you’re buying a full DXP to solve a feature management problem.
Optimizely key features
Optimizely's features
Feature flags
Boolean toggles, string/JSON/integer variables, and remote configuration. Scheduled flag changes, approval workflows, team-level permissions, and audit controls—no automated rollback tied to health metrics.
Experimentation
A/B and multivariate testing across web, mobile, and server-side. Multi-armed bandits. Stats engine with sequential, Bayesian, and frequentist methods. CUPED, false discovery rate controls, outlier smoothing. Global holdouts (2026).
Web experimentation
No-code visual editor for marketing teams with client-side A/B and multivariate testing. You can also build personalization campaigns. It's separate from Feature Experimentation, though.
Warehouse-native
Connects experiment results to Snowflake, BigQuery, Databricks, and Redshift. Experiment Scorecards for tying results to revenue goals. GA since 2025.
Platform breadth
CMS with Visual Builder, Commerce Cloud, Content Marketing Platform, Opal AI agent orchestration (15+ agents), and an experimentation MCP server.
SDKs
12 SDKs: Android, C#, Flutter, Go, Java, JavaScript (browser + Node), PHP, Python, React, Ruby, Swift. Narrower coverage than LaunchDarkly's 25+ or GrowthBook's 24+.
Security and compliance
Enterprise-grade. SSO, RBAC, audit controls. No self-hosting option.
Pricing
No public pricing. But other reports suggest that Feature Experimentation starts at ~$36K/year and Web Experimentation starts at ~$40K/year. Full Optimizely One bundles exceed $200K/year—MTU-based, custom contracts, typically multi-year.
Reviews
G2: 4.2/5 (919 reviews)
.
TrustRadius: 8.3/10 (Feature Experimentation)
.
Pros of Optimizely
Several users say it’s
not that hard to set up
feature flagging for experimentation, even though implementing the full suite takes months.
The Web Experimentation product gives marketing teams a no-code visual editor for client-side A/B tests, so you don’t have to write code.
You don’t need
extensive technical knowledge
to set up and run experiments within the platform.
Warehouse-native analytics connect experiment results to Snowflake, BigQuery, Databricks, and Redshift, enabling you to tie experiments to downstream metrics such as LTV and subscription renewals.
For enterprises already using Optimizely’s CMS or Commerce Cloud, adding experimentation means having a single vendor for content, commerce, and testing, with shared audience definitions.
Drawbacks of Optimizely
While you can use the feature experimentation platform to define experiments and run them,
integrating in-house metrics
can be particularly problematic.
There’s no free tier or even a trial version you can demo before using the product. There’s no way to evaluate the costs without talking to sales—and users report
it’s too expensive
for what it is.
There’s no open-source option and no self-hosting. The platform is entirely proprietary and cloud-hosted, so if you have data-residency requirements, you can’t use it.
When you add more audiences or handle a large audience in the experimentation platform,
the front end suffers.
The app slows down because it has to load too many elements and doesn’t render quickly. And it’s also difficult to track the specifics later.
Its flag management tooling is weaker than dedicated feature management platforms. You don’t have capabilities like an overview of running versus stale flags, custom tagging or labeling, insights into flags running too long, or native
Slack integration
for flag notifications.
SDK coverage is narrower at 12 SDKs compared to LaunchDarkly’s 25+ or
GrowthBook’s 24+
. There’s no Haskell, Erlang, Rust, Elixir, or edge runtime support.
No automated rollback tied to health metrics. While LaunchDarkly offers Guarded Rollouts with circuit-breaker-style automatic rollback,
GrowthBook offers ramp schedules with
automatic rollback—but Optimizely offers neither.
How Optimizely compares to LaunchDarkly
Both these platforms were made for enterprise companies, but they serve different buyers. Let’s see how they compare:
Optimizely wins
for enterprises that need a no-code visual editor for marketing-led experiments, want CMS and commerce capabilities alongside experimentation, and have a mid five-figure USD budget for multi-year contracts. The experimentation stats engine is also more methodologically complete than LaunchDarkly’s add-on.
LaunchDarkly wins
on feature management depth, SDK breadth, automated rollback with Guarded Rollouts, enterprise governance maturity, and federal compliance certifications. It’s also substantially less expensive for teams that only need feature flags.
Who is Optimizely best for?
Large enterprises with huge annual budgets that need marketing-led web experimentation alongside server-side feature flags—especially if they already use Optimizely’s CMS or Commerce Cloud. If you’re evaluating it purely as a LaunchDarkly alternative for feature management, it’s dramatically over-scoped and overpriced for that single use case.
5. Split (Harness)
Split (by Harness)
is a feature management and experimentation platform that Harness acquired in June 2024 and now sells as Harness Feature Management and Experimentation (FME). Its original pitch focused on being a “Feature Data Platform” in which every toggle corresponds to business and engineering metrics. But over time, the platform has changed completely.
Source
Despite being a strong feature flagging and experimentation platform, Split is no longer a standalone platform. It sits inside Harness’s broader DevOps platform alongside CI/CD, security testing, cloud cost management, and chaos engineering. FME is only available on the Enterprise tier, and you need to contact sales to find out the actual cost. For teams that only need feature flags and experimentation, engaging with the full Harness platform feels like overkill.
Split (Harness) key features
Split (Harness FME) Features
Feature management
Boolean toggles, multivariate variants, configuration flags, and percentage rollouts are core flag types. Coupled with cloud-based and warehouse-native experimentation and observability for feature rollouts.
Continuous Delivery and GitOps
Native integration with the Harness CI/CD pipeline and GitOps engine. Feature flag rollouts can be tied directly to deployment events, allowing you to coordinate flag changes with release pipelines across services and environments.
AI SRE
AI-driven service reliability capabilities link feature management to incident response. When a flag rollout correlates with degraded service health, AI SRE surfaces the connection so your team can investigate and roll back.
AI for cost optimization
Understand the granular costs behind every team, workload, model, and AI agent in your organization. Create approval workflows and alerts to ensure your costs don't scale randomly.
License and deployment
Proprietary, cloud only. No self-hosted or on-prem option. Operates inside the broader Harness Cloud platform alongside CI/CD, Chaos Engineering, Continuous Verification, and Cloud Cost Management.
SDKs and performance
15+ SDKs covering server-side (Java, .NET, Node, Python, Ruby, Go, PHP, Elixir) and client-side (JavaScript, React, React Native, Angular, Redux, iOS, Android, Flutter). Real-time streaming with sub-second flag evaluation. Evaluator service available for unsupported languages.
Experimentation
Offers automated metric impact analysis, sequential testing with multiple-testing corrections, multi-metric experiments, holdouts, and a patented attribution engine. It's available on all plans.
Warehouse support
Warehouse-native experimentation was added under Harness in 2026. Assignment and metric data can run inside the customer's data warehouse.
Safe Rollouts and Governance
Progressive delivery (1% → 100%), automated rollout monitoring, change history, audit trails, approval workflows, RBAC, and feature flag archiving (added 2026).
Harness AI
Powered by AIDA, the AI layer that runs across the Harness Platform. AIDA assists with feature flag creation, rollout decisions, experimentation analysis, and stale flag detection. It also integrates with other AI agents through its MCP.
Security and compliance
SOC 2 Type II. SSO/RBAC on Enterprise. SaaS-only for FME (no self-hosting).
Pricing
You need to contact their team for pricing.
Reviews
G2: 4.6/5 across 281 reviews
and
4.6/5 on Gartner Peer Insights (147 reviews)
.
Pros of Split (Harness)
Automated impact measurement ties every flag toggle to business and engineering metrics without requiring manual experiment setup. You can toggle a flag and immediately see whether it moved conversion rates or error rates with statistical significance calculated automatically.
Since it offers several built-in connectors and a
broader set of CI/CD
and security features, enterprises tend to get more value from a single platform.
It offers extensive
cost-optimization features
powered by AI, so you can easily save on cloud costs.
You also get
detailed reports
on feature management and rollouts so that you can communicate them to different stakeholders with ease.
You can create an
entire CI/CD pipeline
without writing any code, which is useful as teams move to more AI-native development processes.
Drawbacks of Split (Harness)
FME is only available on the Harness Enterprise tier. There’s no way to buy it standalone, no public pricing, and the sales motion is a full platform engagement. For teams that only need feature flags and experimentation, this is a heavy procurement process for a focused use case.
There’s no open-source version or self-hosted version for FME. The Split Proxy can be deployed in your infrastructure for latency and caching, but the control plane and analytics remain in Harness’s cloud.
The integration ecosystem is much narrower than LaunchDarkly’s. You get a few primary integrations like Datadog, Jira Cloud, New Relic, and Sumo Logic. But other connections require custom webhooks or Zapier.
It doesn’t offer advanced feature management capabilities, such as CUPED variance reduction and scheduled rollouts. And there’s no easy way to revert flag changes to a previous state.
There’s no built-in bandit optimization for automatically shifting traffic, and you have to do a custom build for similar optimization techniques.
How Split (Harness) compares to LaunchDarkly
These platforms were built on different product philosophies. While Split was built around automated metric attribution, LaunchDarkly was built around release governance. That’s why:
Split (Harness) wins
for teams already on the Harness platform that want feature flags integrated into their CI/CD pipelines, and for organizations that value automated impact measurement without manual experiment setup.
LaunchDarkly wins
on SDK breadth, governance maturity, integration ecosystem, federal compliance certifications, and better billing structure. You can buy LaunchDarkly without buying an entire DevOps platform.
Who is Split (Harness) best for?
Teams already invested in the Harness DevOps platform that want feature flags and experimentation tightly integrated with their CI/CD pipelines. If you’re not already a Harness customer, the enterprise procurement process and platform bundling make Split a difficult choice for teams that just need feature flags and experimentation.
6. Unleash
Unleash
is an open-source feature flag platform, licensed under Apache 2.0 with 13,600+ GitHub stars and 500+ contributors. It only does feature flags and enterprise governance—and nothing else. It was founded in 2019 and built its reputation on deployment flexibility and enterprise compliance.
Source
The platform has a very simple architecture, which consists of a stateless Node.js API server backed by PostgreSQL, deployable on Docker, Kubernetes, bare metal, or fully air-gapped networks. And the recent version includes updates such as observability metrics and an MCP server in beta to support more granular feature rollouts. But the biggest gap shows up in experimentation and product analytics. It doesn’t have any capabilities for these use cases and you’ll need external tooling to make it possible.
Also, with its recent push to move away from the open-source
version
, it’s pushing users towards paid plans or building their own edge layer.
Unleash key features
Unleash's features
Feature flags
Boolean toggles, multivariate variants, percentage rollouts, and kill switches are core flag types. Custom activation strategies, context-aware dynamic targeting, scheduled changes, flag dependencies, and project + environment isolation.
Governance
Change request workflows with four-eyes principle (up to 10 required approvals). Configurable per environment and project. RBAC with custom project roles. Full audit logging with up to 2 years retention.
Flag lifecycle
Categorize flags as release, experiment, operational, kill switch, or permission. Stale flag dashboard with automated event notifications. Technical debt management as a first-class feature.
Impact Metrics (v7.5)
Error rates, latency, and adoption metrics. Automated rollout progression when signals are healthy; pause when metrics spike.
Unleash Enterprise Edge
Rust-based edge evaluation proxy that handles high-throughput flag evaluation at scale. The OSS Edge tier is sunsetting on December 31, 2026, so self-hosters running production-scale workloads will need to move to Enterprise Edge after that date.
License and deployment
Apache 2.0 open source. You also get a self-hostable version at production scale via Docker or Kubernetes. SaaS, private cloud, on-prem, and air-gapped deployments are supported.
SDKs and performance
17 official server-side SDKs plus 15+ community SDKs. Unleash Edge (Rust-based proxy) handles high-throughput evaluation at scale.
Analytics
No built-in statistical engine. Flag variants and impression data are supported, but actual analysis happens in your external analytics tool.
MCP server
MCP Server integrates with Claude Code, Cursor, and Windsurf, letting developers manage flags from within their IDE. Impact Metrics (beta) feeds real-time production signals into rollout decisions.
Security and compliance
SOC 2 Type II certified. Supports FedRAMP and air-gapped deployments. Server-side SDKs ensure no end-user data leaves your infrastructure.
Pricing
Open Source is free under Apache 2.0 (self-hosted). The pay-as-you-go plan is $75/seat/month with a 5-seat minimum on a hosted cloud. The Enterprise plan is custom and includes advanced governance features like RBAC and approval workflows.
Reviews
G2: 4.7/5 across 123 reviews
.
Pros of Unleash
Because of the way it’s set up, you can
manage a large scale of feature flags
with ease, even if you’re working with multiple teams.
It uses an API-first approach and also lets you
automate provisioning
and configuration, which is ideal for complex microservice architectures.
Server-side SDKs ensure that no end-user data ever leaves your infrastructure, as the privacy architecture is built into the platform.
Unleash claims most customers
cut their LaunchDarkly bill by 75%
or more. So it might be a more cost-effective solution for feature flags and governance only.
Many users say that the documentation is excellent, and
so is the customer support
, as they regularly gather customer feedback and incorporate it into the product.
Drawbacks of Unleash
Unleash’s browser and mobile SDKs are thin clients as they don’t contain targeting logic, hashing, or bucketing. All of that runs on a separate Unleash Proxy or Frontend API server that you have to deploy and maintain. If that proxy goes down, your client-side flags stop evaluating.
It uses a polling-based architecture so your SDKs periodically fetch the latest configuration rather than receiving changes via streaming.
OSS Edge is sunsetting December 31, 2026. After that, self-hosted open-source users lose the edge evaluation layer entirely unless they upgrade to Enterprise Edge or build their own version.
Given the price point, the fact that you only get feature flagging with basic experimentation makes it an expensive alternative. Even
features like SSO
and real-time streaming (beta) are only available on the Enterprise plan.
It doesn’t offer the capability to monitor whether a feature rollout is degrading a metric and reverse it automatically. If you need guardrail-driven rollbacks, you’ll have to use another tool like GrowthBook.
How Unleash compares to LaunchDarkly
Both Unleash and LaunchDarkly were built for enterprises and have comparable SDK breadth and governance. That said, the differences are architectural and philosophical:
Unleash wins
on cost (claims 75%+ savings), full self-hosting including air-gapped deployments, FedRAMP-ready infrastructure, and data privacy by design. If feature management is your only use case, it makes sense to use it.
LaunchDarkly wins
on experimentation (Guarded Rollouts with metric analysis vs. Unleash’s zero experimentation), integration ecosystem depth, multi-stage approval workflows, and the breadth of enterprise compliance certifications. LaunchDarkly is also an independent, publicly traded company with a stable roadmap.
Who is Unleash best for?
It’s meant for engineering teams in regulated industries like finance or government that want full deployment flexibility and don’t need product analytics or experimentation. But if you want feature flags and experimentation on a single platform,
GrowthBook
covers both under the same open-source license.
7. VWO
VWO (Visual Website Optimizer)
is a conversion rate optimization platform that bundles A/B testing, heatmaps, session recordings, on-site surveys, and personalization into a single dashboard. Founded in 2008, it’s one of the oldest experimentation tools on the market.
Source
VWO merged with AB Tasty in January 2026. AB Tasty brings AI-powered personalization (including Evi, an agentic AI engine that automates A/B testing workflows), and the combined roadmap is still being defined. But the pricing plans have already changed as the free plan was discontinued and new sign-ups get a 30-day trial.
It’s essentially a marketing experimentation platform that happens to have feature flags, not a feature management platform. That’s why the flag governance features are basic compared to LaunchDarkly or GrowthBook.
VWO key features
VWO's features
A/B testing
Client-side A/B and multivariate testing with a no-code visual editor. Split URL (redirect) tests. Bayesian stats engine with sequential testing. Anti-flicker snippet (~110ms). AI-powered predictive segmentation and pre-test outcome modeling (2026).
Feature flags (FME)
Boolean, number, text, and JSON variables. Progressive rollouts, canary releases, kill switches, automated rollbacks. 12+ SDKs with local/in-memory evaluation. REST API, OpenFeature support, and MCP server.
Behavioral analytics
Heatmaps (click, scroll, element-level), session recordings with AI-powered analysis (rage clicks, dead clicks, errors), form analytics, funnel analysis.
Surveys
On-site surveys for NPS, CSAT, and qualitative feedback.
Personalization
Audience-based and real-time adaptive personalization with behavioral, demographic, and technographic segmentation. Visual editor and widget library.
Data platform
VWO Data360 for customer data unification and audience building across sources.
Security and compliance
Cloud-only (hosted on Google Cloud Platform). No self-hosting.
Focus
Ecommerce, SaaS, Media/Advertising, AI-powered teams, Elearning, Enterprises
Pricing
MTU-based with modular add-ons. You need to book a demo to get a quote. Median annual contract:
$16,830 (Vendr)
. Free plan discontinued post-merger.
Reviews
G2:
4.4/5 (929 reviews for Testing)
and
4/5 (4 reviews for Feature Experimentation)
. Capterra: 4.5/5 (92 reviews). TrustRadius: 7.8/10 (173 ratings).
Pros of VWO
Since it’s made specifically for marketing and CRO teams, many users say it’s
quite easy to set up
and run experiments. It has a mature no-code visual editor for client-side A/B testing.
Customer support consistently receives
high praise
across platforms, and their response times are quite fast compared to other platforms.
The AB Tasty merger brings AI-powered personalization (Evi engine) and a deeper European enterprise presence. So, it has actually strengthened the platform’s positioning as an A/B testing and CRO tool.
It bundles qualitative tools like heatmaps, session recordings, form analytics, and on-site surveys with quantitative data. So CRO teams get a complete
behavioral analytics toolkit
alongside experimentation.
It has 12+ SDKs and
server-side feature flags via FME
, enabling progressive rollouts so your basic feature flagging use cases are covered.
Drawbacks of VWO
It only offers MTU-based pricing, with modular add-ons that scale aggressively. So much so that, post-merger, there’s no public pricing available, and average contracts sit above $16,000 per year.
It also doesn’t offer self-hosting options, open-source infrastructure, or warehouse-native analytics, so it might not be a fit for companies in regulated industries.
The visual editor breaks down on complex or dynamic pages with heavy JavaScript. As you add
more event-based goals
, it becomes buggy, and you’ll need to involve a developer.
VWO’s client-side snippet increases load time and can cause Cumulative Layout Shift (CLS) issues, which Google penalizes in Core Web Vitals. The anti-flicker technology helps but doesn’t eliminate the fundamental performance impact.
Feature flagging and experimentation live on two different platforms and require separate billing.
How VWO compares to LaunchDarkly
Within VWO, feature flags are merely an addition that lets you run A/B tests and similar experiments. But in LaunchDarkly, that’s not the case. That’s why:
VWO wins
for marketing-led experimentation programs that need a visual A/B testing editor, heatmaps, session recordings, and surveys alongside basic feature flags, without engineering involvement for most workflows.
LaunchDarkly wins
for engineering-led feature management, with better SDK breadth, governance depth, compliance certifications, release automation, an integration ecosystem, and flag lifecycle management.
Who is VWO best for?
Marketing and CRO teams at mid-market companies that want a complete web optimization toolkit to understand how users experience the website and how to improve it. Feature flagging is essentially a secondary capability. If you’re evaluating VWO as a LaunchDarkly alternative for engineering-led feature management, it’s the wrong tool. They solve different issues, so you’d be better off using a platform like GrowthBook, which is made for developers and engineering teams.
How to choose the
right
LaunchDarkly alternative for your team?
Yes, LaunchDarkly built the category, and it remains the strongest option for teams whose primary need is enterprise release governance, with the broadest SDK coverage and compliance certifications. Depending on what you need and your primary use cases, there may be a better or more cost effective solution for you.
Here’s what we recommend based on what’s driving the switch:
If you want
open-source feature flags with built-in, warehouse-native experimentation and product analytics
at predictable pricing,
GrowthBook
is the best choice. It covers the full flag-to-experiment-to-analysis lifecycle in a single MIT-licensed platform that runs on your infrastructure or GrowthBook Cloud.
If you want
one vendor for analytics, flags, session replay, and experimentation
, PostHog consolidates the entire product tool stack under a generous free tier. But you won’t get advanced experimentation capabilities.
If you want
advanced experimentation
and are already using Amplitude, consider Statsig, which offers a robust stats engine and was recently acquired by Amplitude.
If you want
marketing-led web experimentation
with a visual editor, heatmaps, and session recordings, Optimizely (enterprise budget) or VWO (mid-market budget) is the way to go. But if you’re an engineering-led team or are looking for a platform for those use cases, you’re better off with GrowthBook.
If you want
enterprise flag governance with full self-hosting
and don’t need experimentation, Unleash offers the simplest self-hosting architecture in the category with FedRAMP-ready infrastructure.
If you’re
already on the Harness DevOps platform
, Split (Harness FME) makes the most sense since it integrates feature flags directly into CI/CD pipelines with automated impact measurement.
If you already know that factors like open-source development, self-hosted deployment, and feature flagging/experimentation are a deal-breaker for you, why not give GrowthBook a shot?
We’ve made it easy with our
LaunchDarkly importer
. Just follow the steps and
get started for free
.
‍
The Edge Podcast
Kargo shows how to shift the mindset on losing experiments
July 16, 2026
Topics
The Edge Podcast
Release
The Edge Podcast
Featured
false
Body
Most companies say they value experimentation. Far fewer have built a culture where a failed test is treated as a win.
James Falzone
, Director of Product Management at
Kargo
, leads a team that does, and on The Experimentation Edge, he made a case for why that distinction is the whole game.
🎧
Listen to the full episode →
Kargo engineers technology that helps brands connect with consumers and grow their businesses. Every day, its teams build products across agentic AI, CTV, eCommerce, social, mobile, and its OpenAI integration, giving advertisers new ways to reach audiences across premium media. When you tap a link and a page loads, the ad you see didn't get there by accident. In the split second before the content renders, a real-time auction fires. The publisher signals an opportunity, companies like Kargo bid on behalf of advertisers, and the winner places the ad, all inside roughly a thousand milliseconds. Multiply that by up to 10 billion ad requests a day, across tens of thousands of advertisers and publishers, and you start to see why Falzone says
experimentation
at Kargo isn't a team you visit. It's embedded in the culture because the scale and constant change of the industry require it.
A bad result is not a bad experiment
The line that anchors Falzone's philosophy is simple: "There's a difference between a bad result and a bad experiment." A bad result is the market telling you an assumption was wrong. A bad experiment is the one you were too cautious to run.
"If you're not getting those bad results, if you're not failing, are you really trying anything new?" he asked. It's a reframe worth sitting with. Most teams instinctively measure themselves by
hit rate
, the percentage of experiments that succeed. But a high hit rate often means a team is only testing the safe, obvious bets. The genuinely new ideas, the ones that could move the business, are exactly the ones most likely to fail at first. A perfect record isn't a sign of great experimentation. It's a sign you stopped experimenting.
Falzone is candid that his team probably learns more when it fails than when it wins. That isn't a consolation prize. It's the operating model.
The experiment that failed, and why
The clearest example came from Kargo's own bidding strategy. The team built a click optimization model: predict the likelihood of a click within five milliseconds, then adjust the real-time bid accordingly. For Kargo's direct demand, the advertisers who come straight to the company, it worked beautifully. The improvements were real and substantial.
So the team did what looked like an obvious next step. They took the same model, the same tech, the same rationale, and applied it to their third-party demand, where another party taps Kargo's inventory on an advertiser's behalf. "And we failed," Falzone said. "It did not work. Bad results across the board."
The instructive part is the diagnosis. "The bad results didn't come from technical implementation," he explained. "They came from a lack of contextual implementation." The model was sound. The context was wrong. With first-party demand, Kargo has rich visibility: the geographies a customer wants to serve, the audiences they're targeting, the dates, the budget. Third-party demand is full of idiosyncrasies, and crucially, it isn't just customers reacting; it's their models interacting with Kargo's models. Different segments react to different data and different inventory. What a customer says they want and what their models actually optimize for are not always the same thing.
The fix wasn't a better algorithm in the abstract. It was going back to the drawing board to customize the model around the verticalization of those customers, and to make sure the metrics and signals being tested were business-driven rather than borrowed. Eventually, the team recovered the 25 to 40% performance gains they'd been chasing. But the takeaway outlived the project: a result that works in one context is a hypothesis everywhere else, not a conclusion.
Putting failure on the agenda
Knowing that failure is valuable is one thing. Building a team that acts on it is another. Kargo's mechanism is refreshingly concrete. In every biweekly retro, there's a dedicated section: "Where did you fail?" Everyone takes a turn. "I tried this, it didn't work." Out loud, on the agenda, by design.
The effect is cultural, not procedural. When failure is a scheduled topic instead of a quiet embarrassment, three things happen at once. Losses get normalized, which is the precondition for taking real swings. One person's dead end becomes the whole team's shortcut. And the psychological safety that every leadership book talks about stops being aspirational and becomes a recurring calendar item.
Falzone is also honest about a tension he hasn't fully resolved. He believes deeply that a single person should be able to run an experiment without needing a committee, that autonomy and speed and a startup mentality matter. But he equally believes the best ideas come from bouncing ideas off other people. "You're a person first," he said, not a job title, and the best ideas can come from outside your function. Holding both individual speed and collective creativity is an ongoing balancing act rather than a solved problem. That he names it openly is part of the same culture that schedules failure into the retro.
Better, not bigger
Asked where experimentation goes next, Falzone did what almost everyone does now and brought up AI. But his framing was specific. AI's real unlock, he argued, is access. People who previously couldn't read the code or understand the system can now form opinions and run experiments, whether that's generating a SQL query or interrogating data they couldn't reach before. More people at the table mean more ideas and more experimentation opportunities.
He's also clear-eyed about the limits. In ad tech's latency world, where everything has to resolve inside a second, large language models simply aren't fast enough to sit in the live auction path. But they can operate at an orchestration layer, and Kargo is already thinking about
agents that run tests on the team's behalf
. The caution underneath the optimism is the part worth keeping: AI can't be treated as a magic bullet, because everything still has to be built on solid ML and infrastructure engineering.
His closing phrase captured the whole conversation. "Better, not bigger." More compute, more data, and more agents don't matter if they're pointed at the wrong thing. What compounds is a team that runs new experiments, welcomes the bad results, talks about them openly, and rebuilds with context. In an industry where a single mistake can burn an entire campaign budget in under a minute, that discipline isn't a nicety. It's the edge.
‍
Product Updates
Experiments
AI
1.0
Featured
AI Visual Editor: from idea to live experiment in minutes
July 16, 2026
Topics
Product Updates
Experiments
AI
1.0
Featured
Release
Product Updates
Experiments
AI
1.0
Featured
Featured
true
Body
GrowthBook’s AI Visual Editor lets anyone on your team go from idea to live experiment in minutes, without touching code. It's a way to scale experimentation beyond one team and across your whole organization.
Just describe the change you want in plain language. The editor handles the rest. No code, no dev ticket,
no flicker
. The result is a fully configured A/B test ready to launch from your GrowthBook account.
The
AI Visual Editor
is available on GrowthBook Pro and Enterprise plans.
‍
How does GrowthBook’s new AI Visual Editor work?
The AI Visual Editor is a
Google Chrome extension
. Open it, connect to your GrowthBook account, and immediately get started. The extension stays in the sidebar and doesn’t overlap your page.
Describe the change you want, such as “make the headline larger and move the CTA button directly beneath,” and the editor will generate a variant in seconds.
There's no code to write. The editor understands the structure of your page, applies the change, and connects it directly to a GrowthBook experiment. You prompt, then preview your changes in real time without ever leaving the browser. If you want more control, you can use the manual editor to do fine adjustments.
‍
Key features
AI-generated image creation and visual testing
The AI Visual Editor is a powerful creative tool. Describe the image you want and the editor generates it in real time, along with options you can place into the right spot on your page and size to fit exactly. Test hero images, product photos, background visuals, and more, iterating until you get what you want without a designer or a design file.
It’s a quick way to immediately see changes in context and visually brainstorm live before you build anything. Once you’re aligned on variations, publish and A/B test new designs in minutes.
Images are stored in GrowthBook’s image storage bucket and served from a CDN-fronted URL so SDKs can fetch them efficiently when delivering variations.
‍
‍
Design updates and layout changes
Beyond text and images, the AI Visual Editor also lets you adjust fonts, colors, padding, button styles, layouts, and more all through prompts or via the manual editor.
Make design decisions without mocking anything up or writing a line of code. Try it, see how it looks in context, and decide if it's worth testing before it goes live.
‍
‍
Import from Figma or an image design
You can quickly turn a Figma frame or mockup image into a testable variation. Import the file into the AI Visual Editor and it will rebuild it as a new component, placing it on the page as a variation. You can also add additional context as to how the AI is to implement the design. This makes it easy to test designs your team has mocked up, such as a new hero, redesigned pricing card, modal window, or promo banner.
What use cases does this work well for?
Landing page optimization and headline testing
The AI Visual Editor is ideal for landing page optimization, such as testing headlines, messaging, copy order, and structure. Use AI to generate variant ideas, preview them directly on the page, then launch the test in minutes.
‍
Promotional banner and offer testing
Test things like the impact of a promotional banner on bookings to Hawaii. The AI Visual Editor lets you build and swap promotional messaging directly on the page. Run the experiment, read the results, and roll out the winner.
With GrowthBook’s feature targeting capabilities, you can deliver different promotions to different audiences based on the criteria you choose, personalizing as you see fit.
‍
Experimentation for every team
The AI Visual Editor expands experimentation across your organization by putting the ability to build and launch tests directly in the hands of the people with ideas, regardless of technical skillset.
Marketing and growth teams
can independently run their own tests on landing pages, campaigns, and offers.
Teams that want to move fast
can go from idea to live experiment in minutes without touching a line of code.
Product and design teams
can validate new layouts, messaging, and user flows before investing engineering time.
Developers
can stay focused on higher-complexity work instead of implementing every copy or design test.
By unlocking experimentation across your organization, you get more tests, more learning, and faster iteration for everyone. It also improves collaboration by giving marketing, growth, and product teams shared visibility into what's working, so no one operates in a silo.
‍
Your existing guardrails stay in place
The AI Visual Editor handles the creative execution by generating variants, applying changes, and wiring up the experiment, but everything still runs through the GrowthBook platform. Your approval and review workflows, as well as existing processes, remain in place, so your team maintains governance and control.
‍
Get more out of your experimentation platform
The ability to go from idea to experiment in minutes, without engineering support, means more people can run experiments than ever before. And when more people can run experiments, it results in more learnings, faster and more informed decisions, and improvements that compound over time.
‍
Try out the AI Visual Editor (beta)
The AI Visual Editor is currently in beta. Try it today, share your feedback directly with our team, and connect with other users in our
community Slack channel
.
Download the Chrome extension
AI
Experiments
Featured
AI coding agents and A/B testing: how to automate the experiment lifecycle
July 15, 2026
Topics
AI
Experiments
Featured
Release
AI
Experiments
Featured
Featured
true
Body
Ideate on features, create feature flags, analyze product data, and test what you build, all from Claude Code, Cursor, or Codex against GrowthBook.
AI coding tools are reducing the cost of coding in ways no one ever imagined. Coding that used to take days now takes a prompt. But coding is just one step in the software development lifecycle. Deciding what to build, deploying safely, and tracking the impact of new features still take time. Finding ways to speed to up these processes unlocks even more of the benefits of agentic coding.
That is the vision behind
GrowthBook’s 4.4
. Your AI coding agent can now drive the entire
experiment lifecycle
against GrowthBook. From a single conversation in your editor, an agent can analyze your product data, ideate on a new feature, create the
feature flag
, build the variant, and test it. This post covers what that workflow looks like, how you can incorporate guardrails to create trust, and how to run it from any AI coding agent.
How AI agents can automate the entire lifecycle
Automating the lifecycle is broader than running a single
A/B test
. AI coding agents can now cover the full product development lifecycle:
Analyze product data.
The agent pulls product metrics and experiment data to identify new product opportunities
Ideate.
Describe a problem in plain language and have the agent propose concrete changes to try, grounded in your actual codebase.
Create feature flags.
The agent creates the feature flag and wires it into your code, so the change is rolled out gradually and safely.
Build and test.
Create experiments using templates, standardized metrics and guardrails.
Analyze experiments and make decisions.
Use AI to analyze experiment data, extract learnings, and make go/no-go recommendations.
How templates and guardrails streamline using AI to create experiments
There are many ways an experiment can go wrong, including flawed assignment rules, bad metrics, and unexpected side effects. Consistency and rigor become even more important as you scale.
GrowthBook addresses these needs in a couple of key ways.
Experiment templates
pre-define the metrics, randomization, and setup for a class of experiments, so the agent knows your best practices. A team can keep a template for, say, logged-out conversion tests, and every front-end experiment of that type inherits the right goal metrics and guardrails automatically. A built-in decision framework encodes when a result is genuinely shippable, rather than leaving that to the agent's guesswork. And GrowthBook stays the source of truth, so business context lives in one place instead of being re-derived in every prompt.
This is the real shift behind agentic experimentation.
The agent handles the mechanics. The platform holds the judgment.
AI can apply a series of skills to automate the experimentation process
Take a simple example: testing new copy for a landing-page headline. You give your coding agent the idea in plain language and point it at the file. From there, the agent works the lifecycle:
Ideate and build.
Reads the file, proposes a few headline variants, and picks one to test.
Configure.
Finds the right experiment template in GrowthBook, confirms the metrics, and creates the experiment in draft.
Wire it up.
Creates the feature flag, links the experiment to it, and edits the component to read from the flag. Nothing is live yet.
QA checkpoint (you).
Confirm the flag is wired correctly in GrowthBook before anything ships.
Launch.
On your approval, the agent starts the experiment and tracking fires automatically as users are bucketed into variants.
(Screenshot of Claude Code showing the results of an experiment)
Reading and shipping work the same way. Later, you ask the agent how the test is doing:
Analyze.
Pulls the latest results, checks the test is well-powered with clean data, and summarizes what happened.
Recommend.
Because the decision framework lives in GrowthBook, the recommendation reflects your team's shipping criteria, not a generic heuristic.
Ship (your call).
If the result clears the bar, tell the agent to roll out the winner. It ships the treatment and writes up the result, with flag cleanup as an optional next step.
This works from any AI coding agent
Whether you use Claude Code, Cursor, Codex or any other coding agent, you can apply this same workflow. All the key components are coding agent-independent, including the programmatic endpoints, the CLI, and a set of open-source skills that teach an agent how to drive GrowthBook correctly. All of this then combines with the context of your own repository.
The governance layer, the templates and the decision framework and your source of truth for experiments, all work the same, consistently and safely with any tool.
The skills are open source and available
on GitHub
. You can use them as-is or adapt them to how your team runs experiments.
Where humans stay in the loop
Automating the lifecycle does not mean removing yourself from it. The workflow is designed around checkpoints precisely because some decisions should not be fully delegated.
QA is the clearest example. Before an experiment goes live, a person should confirm the feature flag is wired correctly and behaves as expected. Ambiguous results are another. When a test is underpowered, or a goal metric moves while a guardrail slips, that is a judgment call about tradeoffs, not a mechanical decision. The agent can surface the situation and make a recommendation, but a human should own the call.
Think of the agent as a fast, tireless operator that handles the setup, the wiring, the data pulls, and the rollout. The strategy, the QA gate, and the final ship decision stay with you.
Key takeaways
AI made building cheap, but the experiment lifecycle stayed manual. Agentic experimentation closes that gap.
An AI coding agent connected to GrowthBook can run the full product development lifecycle: ideate, create feature flags, analyze product data, build, and test.
Guardrails are what make it trustworthy. Experiment templates and a built-in decision framework move judgment into the platform so agents cannot improvise metrics or ship on noise.
It is tool-agnostic. The workflow runs from Claude Code, Cursor, Codex, or any agent, because the logic lives in GrowthBook's skills, CLI, and endpoints.
Humans still own QA and the ship decision. The agent handles mechanics, not judgment.
Get started
The build step and the test step are now both moving at the speed of AI. The way to keep that fast loop safe is to put your experimentation structure into the platform, then let your coding agent drive against it.
The GrowthBook skills are open source and ready to try
on GitHub
. To see the full workflow end-to-end, watch the
walkthrough video
. And if you are new to GrowthBook, you can start with
feature flagging and experimentation in one platform
.
‍
The Edge Podcast
Diligent reveals the PM's most costly mistake in experimentation
July 14, 2026
Topics
The Edge Podcast
Release
The Edge Podcast
Featured
false
Body
Running an experiment is the easy part. Knowing what it's telling you, and what to do when it tells you nothing clearly, is the hard part. That's the thread running through
Dan Layfield
's fifteen years in product management, from a mid-2010s startup to one of the largest consumer apps in the world to the boardrooms of the Fortune 1000.
Layfield is Director of Product Management at
Diligent
, a roughly 2,000-person company that serves around 70% of the Fortune 1000 on bespoke corporate governance problems. Before Diligent, he was head of growth at Codecademy, where he took the company from about $10M to $50M ARR, and a backend-focused PM on Uber Eats' home feed ranking system. Across all three, the constant has been experimentation, and lately, a new collaborator in the work: AI.
The losing experiment that became a 35% win
The story product teams should sit with is the one that didn't work right away. At Codecademy, Layfield's team set out to rebuild the trial model, the single biggest growth lever for most consumer subscription products. A predecessor had already shipped a successful reverse trial, where new users get the paid product automatically and then have to decide whether to keep it. Layfield's team went further, removing the auto-enroll step and asking people to choose the trial and enter a credit card upfront.
The first rounds did not produce a clean win. They produced the thing most experiments produce when they lose: inconclusive results. Not statistically significant positives, not statistically significant negatives, just noise that tells you very little.
This is where most teams move on. Layfield calls moving on too early one of the biggest mistakes he made in his career. A PM's life is a roadmap of things to ship, and every extra week on one project is a week stolen from the others. The pull toward the next thing is constant.
His team stayed. Over roughly four months and three to four rounds of tests, they kept refining the paywall structure, the question of how and where free users come into contact with the paid product, and whether they hit it at a moment that relieves real pain. The tool that broke it open was almost embarrassingly simple: they put every screen of the user experience onto a giant Figma board and overlaid the metrics at each decision point. With the entire funnel laid out, they could see how users flowed through the product and exactly where to move the gates. The payoff was a 35% increase in conversion, a massive result for a business where monetization compounds.
The lesson is not "never give up." It's that a losing test is often a map, not a verdict, and the discipline is knowing when a problem is big enough, and your read of the data deep enough, to
take another shot
.
Two flavors of experimentation, and one feature factory to escape
Layfield draws a clean line between two kinds of experimentation. One is high-volume conversion rate optimization: run many small tests, expect a quarter of them to deliver small wins, and let volume do the work. The other is using experiments to de-risk something big and genuinely uncertain. The trial-model rebuild was the second kind, which is exactly why taking multiple shots made sense. Email subject-line tests are the first kind; no single one matters much by the time it trickles down to a purchase.
That distinction gets sharper in B2B, where many teams aren't really experimenting at all. Layfield's description of the failure mode is precise: the feature factory. You have a thousand clients, the top 5% request things in every QBR, and the PM's job becomes shipping that list. It keeps the biggest accounts happy in the short term and produces a disjointed product over the long term.
The alternative is a foundation of disciplined, top-down
product management
: a top-down OKR system where leadership sets meaningful business goals, each team owns a thoughtfully chosen North Star metric that ladders up to those goals, and feature pick metrics that ladder up to the North Star. Layfield's most useful observation is about how this breaks. When a planning process goes wrong, it's usually not that any single layer is broken. Leadership picks good goals. Teams pick reasonable metrics. The failure lives in the connections between the layers, when a team's North Star only loosely relates to what the business actually cares about. Every layer can look healthy while the whole structure quietly drifts.
B2B makes this harder than B2C because of the feedback loop. In consumer products, an unhappy user leaves immediately, which is painful but fast. In B2B, clients sit on long-term contracts, so there's a long delay between weak product usage and the dollar retention hit at renewal. If you aren't watching usage and adoption closely, the bill arrives long after you could have done anything about it.
Anchor the North Star to the natural use case
At Diligent, Layfield's team thinks about North Star metrics by product. The flagship is a board-of-directors collaboration suite used by, in his estimate, nearly every famous board director you could name. The core value isn't receiving a document; if all you do is print a board deck, Diligent is an expensive way to move a file. The value shows up when directors actually collaborate, comment, take edits, and prepare on the plane. So the team anchors the board product on director-side usage.
The catch is rhythm. A director on one board has a meeting roughly once a quarter, so they use the product the week before and a few days after, and then nothing. Push for more engagement than that and it starts to feel spammy, because unless a board deck is waiting, there's genuinely nothing to do. Layfield's rule is worth posting on a wall: retention and engagement should always ride whatever the natural use case is, not fight it. Guardrail metrics like session length and abandonment matter, but the headline number has to respect how the product is actually meant to be used, especially in a regulated space where Diligent deliberately tracks far less than a consumer app like Uber ever would.
AI as the data scientist in the room
Which brings us back to the title. Ask Layfield where AI has earned its place so far, and the answer is
research and data synthesis
. The old workflow was weeks of labor: find a hundred users, email all of them, spend two to three weeks scheduling calls, write up every interview, then synthesize by hand. Now he points
AI at the raw material
. Gong's MCP delivers reasonably good synthesis from sales calls in an hour or two, and for simple A/B test analysis, in his words, Claude is a pretty good data scientist.
The point isn't that AI replaces product judgment. It's that AI collapses the weeks of grunt work between having a question and having an answer. For experimentation teams, that's the part that compounds: the faster you can synthesize what users are telling you and what a test actually did, the more shots you get at the problems that matter, and the less tempting it is to move on too early from the one that's about to pay off.
Listen to the
full episode of The Experimentation Edge with Ashley Stirrup
. How does your team decide when a test is worth one more round? Share below.
‍
The Edge Podcast
Box uncovered these interesting surprises that reshaped how they run e-commerce experiments
July 13, 2026
Topics
The Edge Podcast
Release
The Edge Podcast
Featured
true
Body
When
Danielle Olean
describes her job, she does not start with a feature roadmap. She starts with a number. As Director of E-commerce at
Box
, she is not measured by whether she shipped something on time. She is measured by revenue. That single distinction, she argues, changes everything about how a product team should work, and it is the thread running through one of the most practical conversations The Experimentation Edge has hosted.
🎧
Listen to the full episode →
Olean has spent more than 15 years in e-commerce. She came up in the B2C world at companies like Wayfair and Drizly, then spent nearly six years scaling online sales at Zoom through the chaos of the pandemic, watching a one-person operation balloon into a 100-person department almost overnight. Now she is at Box, helping reposition the company from a cloud storage business into an AI platform for managing unstructured content. Across all of it, one tool has been her constant: the
A/B test
.
Experimentation is not an e-commerce luxury
The most important idea Olean offers is also the one most
product teams
resist: experimentation is not just for people who own a checkout flow. It belongs to everyone who builds.
Her reasoning is hard to argue with. Time is finite. Engineering capacity is finite. Every feature you choose to build is an
opportunity cost
for one you chose not to. So the question that matters is never simply "did we launch it." It is "did this actually move the business, and was it a net positive."
You do not need a shopping cart to ask that question. As Olean points out, every product has a flow. Even an AI chatbot has one. A user asks something, gets a response, and either abandons the interaction or comes back. Someone trying to create a document has to find the right place, start the action, and complete it with the formatting they wanted. All of that is a funnel, and a funnel can be measured.
That measurement reveals things intuition never would. Olean describes a recurring pattern: a feature that very few people discover, but that the small group who find it use at a high rate. The instinct is to call the feature a failure. The data says the opposite. The feature is valuable. The placement is wrong. Catching that early turns what would have become a customer complaint or a pile of technical debt into a quick fix.
The humility underneath this is what makes it powerful. Host Ashley Stirrup framed it as the hard truth of experimentation: only two or three out of ten ideas tend to land the way you expected. That is not a sign that the other ideas were bad. It usually means a piece was missing, the wording was off, or the timing was wrong. For a B2B product manager, that is not discouraging. It is an
enormous opportunity
to double their impact by building what customers actually want to use.
The simplification tightrope
If the first lesson is that you should test, the second is that testing will humble you, even when you are winning. Olean's pricing page saga is the clearest example.
Box's pricing page was, in her words, robust. Lots of colors, lots of elements, eight self-service plans, and a tangle of security, compliance, and AI features competing for attention. Her hypothesis was straightforward: simplify the page, reduce the cognitive overload, and more customers will be able to choose a plan and buy. The team did a large overhaul, even setting rules to keep feature descriptions to one line with tooltips for anything longer. The result beat expectations. A genuine, measurable win.
And here is where most teams go wrong. A win feels like a direction. "This is the right hypothesis, let's do more of it." So the team kept simplifying. They tested removing the slash-out pricing, the crossed-out higher number next to the discounted one, assuming it was just more clutter. It failed. That crossed-out price was quietly reinforcing the 25% annual discount, and customers valued the cue more than anyone realized.
Undeterred, they tried once more, trimming each plan's feature list to show only what differentiated it from the plan below. That failed too. Box's plans are complex, and customers wanted the full detail to feel confident about what they were buying. Stripping it away did not reduce overload. It removed information people needed.
One win, two losses. Olean calls it the tightrope. There is a diminishing return where simplification stops helping and starts hurting, and the only way to find that edge is to test until you cross it. Tellingly, the team's next move was not more simplification but an addition: a third tab to serve a new persona, on the theory that the page was now simple enough to absorb it. And of course, they are testing that too.
The wine effect
The third lesson is Olean's favorite kind of result: the test that wins for a reason you never hypothesized.
In a prior role, the team faced a churn problem. So they created a cheaper plan called Basic Plus and showed it only to customers in the cancellation flow, never on the public pricing page. The hypothesis was logical. These people think we are too expensive, so offer them something cheaper and convert a full churn into a partial one.
The test won. But not because people downgraded. The Basic Plus plan had roughly 70% fewer features, and simply seeing it made customers' current plan look far more valuable by comparison. So instead of switching down, more of them stayed exactly where they were.
Olean calls it the wine effect. On a wine list, you rarely order the cheapest bottle. You order the second-cheapest because the cheapest one makes the next option up look like a deal. The experiment succeeded, the hypothesis was wrong, and both things were true at once. That gap between what you predicted and what actually happened is not noise. It is the entire reason to run the test.
Building a culture that can handle losses
None of this works if a team is afraid to lose. Olean is deliberate about that. She presents every win and every loss to leadership, with a biweekly impact report to the COO and a monthly one to the CEO. The wins build credibility and prove the team knows what it is doing. The losses, presented just as openly, create the psychological safety that a testing culture depends on. Every loss comes with what was learned and what the team will try next.
The payoff has been
cultural
. A year into her role at Box, Olean now has executives who proactively say "let's make sure we test that" before shipping a new feature, and a growing line of colleagues asking how to run experiments of their own. She thinks about it as a pyramid: start with the widest-impact experiences like the pricing page and checkout, then work up into smaller cohorts, like desktop versus mobile or high-context international markets such as Japan. And she is already looking ahead to monetization tests and AI agents that scan competitors and help ideate new experiments.
The throughline is simple. You will be wrong more often than you are right; you cannot reason your way to the balance point, and your most valuable insights will arrive disguised as surprises. The teams that win are not the ones with the best guesses. They are the ones willing to find out.
‍
Experiments
Featured
How to avoid false positives in high-velocity experimentation
July 10, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Featured
Release
Experiments
Featured
Featured
true
Body
If you run
A/B tests
long enough, you'll eventually ship a false positive. Your test calls a winner, you ship it, but the metric that should have moved stays flat. This happens far more often than the 5% significance threshold promises, even at big companies with mature experimentation programs like Microsoft, Bing, Netflix, and Airbnb. What's worse is that the faster you test, the more false positives you ship. This is the technical playbook for keeping that number down without slowing your program to a crawl.
How bad is the false positive problem in A/B testing?
False positive rates in real-world A/B testing run far higher than the 5% most teams assume. Even mature
experimentation
programs carry 6% to 26% risk that a given statistically significant win is a false positive (a
Type I error
), and at the industry-median success rate,
roughly 1 in 5 experiments called winners are a false positives
.
Below is a list of
false-positive risks by company
. False positive risk is the probability that a statistically significant winner has no real effect, and it follows directly from how often a team's experiments succeed. The lower the success rate, the higher the risk.
Company
Experiment Success Rate
False Positive Risk
Microsoft
33%
5.9%
Bing
15%
15%
Booking.com
10%
22%
Google Ads
10%
22%
Netflix
10%
22%
Airbnb Search
8%
26.4%
The more experiments you run, the more false positives you ship. A team running 100 experiments a month at the median 10% success rate sees about 10 winners, and roughly 2 of those are false positives with no real effect. Each one costs engineering time and gets counted as a win, so the team keeps building on a feature that did nothing. Over a year, that's around 24 of them, and the faster a program runs, the faster they accumulate.
What causes false positives in experimentation?
Most false positives trace back to 4 causes: peeking at results early, testing too many things at once, assignments that are not truly random, and underpowered tests. Each one pushes your true false positive rate higher.
Peeking
Peeking happens
when you check results while a test is still running and stop as soon as you see a significant positive result. The bias comes from an asymmetry in how the test ends. A positive result that crosses significance stops it, while a flat or negative one keeps running to give it time to resolve. A test with no measurable effect will still cross into positive significance from time to time through sampling variation, and stopping at one of those crossings mistakes that fluctuation for a real win.
A p-value assumes a sample size fixed in advance and examined once, so repeated looks invalidate them. Each additional look
raises your false positive rate
. With no correction, it climbs from 5% at a single look to roughly 14% by 5 looks and 19% by 10.
Multiple comparisons
With 20 metrics in a single test, your odds of at least one false positive are
about 64%
, even if nothing you changed had any effect. Each metric you add is another test with its own 5% chance of a false positive, so the family-wise error (FWER) rate keeps climbing as the list grows (FWER is the chance that any one of your metrics shows a false positive). Teams that track a wide metric dashboard on every experiment are especially exposed here. Learn more about
how to choose the right metrics and KPIs for A/B testing
.
Sample ratio mismatch (SRM)
Sample Ratio Mismatch (SRM) happens when the traffic split you actually get doesn't match the one you configured. A 50/50 test that comes out at 53/47 because of a bot exclusion, or SDK bug, or targeting error no longer has comparable groups, so you can't separate a real effect from bias. SRM is common and easy to miss, and the only way to catch it is to test the observed split against the one you configured, usually with a chi-squared test, which
GrowthBook runs automatically
.
Underpowered tests under pressure
An underpowered test without the sample size to reliably detect the effect you care about is usually framed as a false negative (
Type II error
) risk, but it feeds false positives too. It produces wide confidence intervals and unstable point estimates. When an underpowered experiment does cross significance, that win is disproportionately likely to be spurious, and the winner's curse inflates its measured effect, since only the largest swings reach significance when power is low. Deadline pressure makes this worse, as teams peek, stop the first time the result crosses significance, and ship it. Underpowering and peeking reinforce each other, and a
high-velocity program
tends to run into both at once.
7 ways to limit false positives in experimentation
Some false positives are unavoidable, but the inflated rates described above are not. Every cause has a practical control. Here are 7 actions you can take to lower your false positive rate.
1. Pre-commit to sample size and duration
Do your power analysis
before
launch, not after the early numbers start looking good. Define your minimum detectable effect (MDE), set power to at least 80%, and design your experiment around the required sample size. Then leave it alone. "It's trending positive" is not a stopping criterion. GrowthBook's
power analysis
computes the required sample size before you launch.
2. Calibrate with A/A tests
Run an
A/A test
whenever you stand up a new experiment surface or change the data pipeline behind it. An A/A test is an A/B test where both arms serve the same variation to validate your instrumentation and assignments before a real experiment. With no true effect by construction, a sound setup should return roughly identical results for both arms.
A significant A/A test result for a single metric doesn't necessarily mean something is broken. Even when there is no real difference, some metrics end up significantly different by chance alone. At GrowthBook's default 95% chance-to-win threshold, that's
about 10% for a single metric
, or 41% across 5 independent metrics. 1 metric out of 5 with a statistically significant difference is usually fine, especially if no SRM or other experiment issues are detected. A genuine problem produces a different pattern, with many metrics reaching significance simultaneously, often at extreme values such as 99%+ chance-to-win. To tell them apart, re-randomize and rerun the A/A test. Random noise will affect different metrics each time, while a real bug will consistently affect the same ones.
3. Use sequential testing to solve the peeking problem in A/B testing
Sequential testing
lets you watch results as often as you want without inflating your false positive rate. It works by using confidence intervals that are wide enough to remain valid no matter how many times you look. GrowthBook implements asymptotic confidence sequences from
Waudby-Smith et al. (2023)
, with a tuning parameter (N*) that you can set to the sample size you expect to reach when you make a decision. Since sequential testing produces wider intervals than fixed-sample testing, you trade a little power for the freedom to peek. At any serious velocity,
catching a bad variation early and shutting it down
is worth the small loss in power.
Learn more about
common A/B testing methodologies
.
4. Run SRM checks before interpreting results
Each time you conclude an experiment, check for a sample ratio mismatch
before
you read the results. An SRM means the realized traffic split doesn't match what you configured, like a 50/50 test that comes out 53/47. When you detect an SRM, the comparison is invalid, and no metric can be trusted, even the ones that look unaffected. Discard the results, identify and fix the cause, and rerun the experiment. GrowthBook
automatically flags SRM in your experiments
, so you can catch it before acting on the results.
5. Apply multiple testing corrections
The more metrics or variants you test, the more likely it is that at least one will appear significant by chance. That's the multiple comparisons problem. A correction counters it by tightening your significance threshold as the number of comparisons grows. The two corrections, Holm-Bonferroni and Benjamini-Hochberg, are explained below. Decide on the correction and your primary metrics before launch, not after seeing which ones moved. Choosing after the fact
introduces bias from p-hacking
.
Which correction to use depends on how costly a single false positive is.
Holm-Bonferroni is the more conservative option. It raises the bar for calling any result significant, so it's unlikely that even one of your metrics is a false alarm. In statistical terms, it controls the family-wise error rate (FWER), the chance of even one false positive across all your comparisons. The tradeoff is power. A higher bar also means missing some real effects, so use it when a single wrong call is unacceptable, as in pricing, legal, or safety decisions.
Benjamini-Hochberg is the more lenient option. Rather than guard against every false alarm, it keeps the share of false winners among your significant results low. In statistical terms, it controls the false discovery rate (FDR), the expected proportion of your significant results that are wrong. You catch more real effects in exchange for tolerating a few false positives, so use it when you're monitoring many secondary metrics and can absorb some noise.
Microsoft's Windows experimentation team
evaluated both in production
across 200+ metrics and found Benjamini-Hochberg won on the combined scorecard of precision, recall, and A/A false positive rate, in exactly the many-metric setting where you'd reach for it. GrowthBook supports
both corrections
as an organization-wide default, applied across your goal metrics.
6. Validate winners with the causal chain
An increase in your primary metric is strong evidence for a trustworthy win, but not sufficient on its own. A real effect should also show up in the metrics downstream of your primary metric, not just in the metric itself. For example, if the session-to-free-trial rate rose, the session-to-paid-plan rate should rise too, since some of those incremental free trials could reasonably be expected to convert to paid.
Fanatics, which runs close to 100 experiments a month and credits experimentation with about 8% of its annual growth,
caught a false positive this way
. The team tested removing ads from its product grid pages, and the results showed a positive effect at the 95% confidence level, with higher revenue. But the supporting micro-metrics like products viewed and grid-to-cart all stayed flat, and nothing explained the revenue lift.
The team stopped the experiment, reran it, and the second run found no measurable effect. They have run the same change 6 to 8 times over the years, and it comes back flat every time. It turns out, shoppers simply overlook the ads, so removing them changes neither how people browse nor what they spend.
A win that can't be traced through the behavior that should have produced it is usually a false positive.
7. Reduce false positives through variance reduction with CUPED
CUPED
(Controlled-experiment Using Pre-Experiment Data) reduces variance in your results by using each user's pre-experiment behavior to account for noise unrelated to the treatment. Lower variance lets you reach a sound conclusion faster, removing the temptation to peek and stop a slow test early.
Netflix reported
a roughly 40% reduction in variance for key engagement metrics, and Microsoft found CUPED to be equivalent to adding roughly 20% more traffic to an experiment. CUPED has one important limitation. It only helps when you have pre-experiment data correlated with your metric, so it does little for brand-new users or rarely observed events. Where it applies, faster experiments with lower variance mean fewer false positives. GrowthBook automatically applies CUPED to every metric as an organization-wide default, so variance reduction is built in.
How GrowthBook handles false positives by design
The
best experimentation platforms
offer multiple features to prevent false positives. They let you monitor results mid-test without inflating your false positive rate, they correct for multiple comparisons, they run SRM checks automatically on every experiment, and they reduce variance so experiments reach significance sooner and there's less reason to peek in the first place.
GrowthBook's
experimentation platform
supports all of these features.
Sequential testing
, included in
Pro and Enterprise plans
, handles safe peeking, with the confidence sequences and configurable tuning parameter described earlier.
Multiple testing corrections
(Holm-Bonferroni and Benjamini-Hochberg) ship as organization-level defaults.
SRM detection
runs automatically on your experiments.
CUPED
, available on Pro and Enterprise plans, cuts variance and experiment duration.
GrowthBook's stats engine is also
open source
, so you can read the exact code that produced any result instead of trusting a black box.
The false positive prevention checklist
Use this checklist to reduce your false positive rate in every experiment, especially as your
experimentation program
scales.
Pre-commit to your sample size and stopping date before launch.
Calibrate your setup with an A/A test on new surfaces and after tracking changes.
Turn on sequential testing if you need to watch results while the test runs.
Check for SRM before you interpret any metric.
Apply multiple testing corrections: Benjamini-Hochberg for many metrics, and Holm-Bonferroni when a single false positive is unacceptable.
Confirm every winner against its full causal chain.
Reduce variance with CUPED to take the pressure off peeking in the first place.
False positives can slip in at any stage of an experiment, from
experimental design
through implementation and analysis. The 7 controls above each close a different gap, and they compound, so teams that run all of them get far more trustworthy results than teams that run only 1 or 2.
Want these controls on by default? GrowthBook’s
experimentation platform
runs SRM checks automatically and lets you enable multiple corrections, sequential testing, and CUPED as organization defaults.
If you’re looking to run high-velocity experimentation,
try GrowthBook for free
or
book a demo
with our team.
Experiments
Guides
Data Science
Featured
Why summing your experiment wins overstates impact
July 9, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Guides
Data Science
Featured
Release
Experiments
Guides
Data Science
Featured
Featured
true
Body
‍
Sum your significant experiment wins, and you almost certainly overstate the true impact. The reason is the winner's curse: you're adding estimates that were selected for looking good. Corrections help a little, but a holdout is the real fix.
You ran forty experiments this quarter. A dozen of them had significant results, so you rolled them out. You summed up the effects, and the slide going to the leadership team says your team drove a 10% gain. Everyone celebrates. The only problem is that the number overstates the true impact.
Sure, every one of those experiments was run cleanly and read correctly. And they did pass the significance threshold. The significance threshold is what's causing the bias. The estimates you're summing are already skewed upward because lucky draws are more likely to pass than unlucky ones. So the total comes out larger than the value you actually generated.
How big of a problem can it be?
Airbnb measured it
: a set of winning experiments summed to 7.2%. Their de-biasing formula pulled that back to 5.3%, and a holdout put the real number near 4%. Nearly half the reported impact wasn't there, and the holdout caught more of it than the formula did.
A holdout is a simple idea: hold back a small group of users from all your new changes and measure the gap directly. There are
different ways of configuring a holdout
, but any of them is better than trying to infer the total impact from individual estimates.
The leadership slide is only one purpose you might have. Any time you sum individual significant results up into a single number, the same bias applies. A meta-analysis of a program, the quarter's total impact, and one team's contribution next to another's. Aggregating results that way is still useful and worth doing. This post is about doing it without overstating what you actually found. We walk through the exact mechanics of the selection-on-significance bias to give you a solid understanding. That is how you can judge, for your setting and purpose, just how big a problem you might have. And what you should do about it.
What is the winner's curse?
Every experiment hands you a measured effect, and that number is the true effect plus some noise. Run the same test next week, and you'd get a slightly different figure.
The problem arises when you look only at the significant, or shipped, results. Counterintuitive, I know. If you summed all forty estimates, winners and losers, you'd be fine. The lucky-high and the unlucky-low roughly cancel, and the total should come close to the truth. The bias enters only when selecting on statistical significance.
It is because the significance threshold isn't a random gate. An experiment is more likely to pass when the noise component pushes its estimate up than when it pulls it down. So the winners you keep aren't a fair sample of the effects you tested. On the contrary, they over-represent the ones that got a lucky draw. Gelman calls this the statistical significance filter, and the amount by which it inflates the survivors is his Type M (magnitude) error.¹
To fully understand, let's walk through the mechanics of hypothesis testing visually. Figure 1 shows the distribution of estimates you would draw from under the null, and the distribution you would draw from at a given true effect size. The scale of the x-axis is in standard errors to make it more general.
The null distribution sets the significance threshold by the chosen false positive rate (that's your α).² We can use it to visualize what part of the true-effect distribution would fall below. That's the hatched grey chunk, and these features don't get shipped. Those are your unlucky false negatives, which are more likely if your power is low (imagine the distributions widening).
The blue area illustrates the results of the significance filter. It shows the estimates that pass the significance threshold, with some luck, and get shipped. And the difference in luck is the problem. You cut away the low draws and keep the high ones, even though they have the same underlying true effect. Therefore, the average of what's shipped jumps to the right, while the center is the true effect. The average of what you shipped is higher, and it goes that way, whatever the true effect is.
Figure 1: Distributions of effect estimates, under the null and under the alternative (true effect). The significance threshold keeps the blue part and drops the hatched one, so the average of what ships is above the true effect at the center. Even at 80% power, it overstates by about 13%.
This figure is constructed to show the case with 80% power, and it leads to an overestimate of 13%. The next part shows how it gets even worse with lower power.
Figure 2 shows the relationship between power and overestimated winners. At 80% power, where you'd like to be, the overstatement is the 13% we just saw. It's real, but maybe you can live with it. If the true effect comes in smaller than expected, however, the same metric and sample size give you less power. At 40% power, the survivors overstate by more than half. The reason is mechanical. A smaller true effect makes the distributions overlap more. The same thing happens if your metric is noisier than expected, or your sample is smaller than planned. Kohavi and colleagues recently replicated four widely cited 'win' patterns across eight large experiments, and the published effects came back far smaller than first reported.³
Figure 2: The overstatement as a function of the power you actually end up with. You fix the sample size up front, but where you land on this curve is set by the true effect, which you never get to see.
80% power is the good case, but even there, the bias is 13%. And in reality, you're probably running lower power than that on most of your experiments without knowing it. Actual power depends on the true effect you never see. Imagine the true effect actually being 40% lower than your powered MDE. Then, your realized power is 40%. Even a miss of 20% in true effect size drops your power to 60%, where you overstate your true effect by 30% when selecting on significance.
Unfortunately, you can't read the bias off a single result. A win that barely cleared could be a lucky draw from a small effect or an unlucky draw from a large one, and the number itself can't tell you which. What you can judge are the conditions you run under. If your metrics are noisy, your samples are thin, and your experiments often end inconclusive, power is scarce across the board. Your significant wins then mostly sit on the steep part of the curve. If you are generally well powered, the bias is milder. Understanding your general power situation can give you a hunch, but not the exact bias.
How to correct for the winner's curse
Can't you just correct for it? Partly. The crude way is a flat discount: Ronny Kohavi's rule of thumb is to knock
at least 20% off
your reported wins, the figure they used at Bing. The more careful way is to let a model do it per estimate. Switch on a proper prior in GrowthBook's Bayesian engine, and the number you read becomes the posterior mean. The raw estimate is pulled toward zero, hardest when the estimate is noisy. It shrinks on precision, not luck, which lands right on average because the noisy wins are the ones most likely inflated.
Both are more sound than estimating power from the effect you just measured and then deflating with that. Because that estimate is already inflated, it makes your power look better than it was, so the correction comes out too small. And it misses by the most, exactly when power is low. Post-hoc power like that is
a known trap
, not a fix.³ It's also a closed loop. The only input is the number you're trying to correct, so no new information ever enters.
What every correction shares is that it re-reads the same selected sample. To undo the selection you need a measurement that wasn't selected on. A fresh draw.
The textbook way to get one is replication. Re-run a winner and read it once, without filtering on significance, and the lucky draw that pushed it over the line the first time has no reason to repeat. That removes the bias, one experiment at a time. But replicating every winner is expensive. You would spend next quarter re-proving last quarter's, and you would still read each feature alone, with no view of what they add up to. If the purpose is to get the aggregate effect, you might as well replicate them all together in one go.
Replicating them all together is the holdout. Hold back one group from all your new changes and measure the gap once against the rollout. You give up knowing which individual winner was exaggerated, but you get the thing you were aggregating for: one honest number for the whole batch. Whether that's the total on the leadership's slide, a meta-analysis of the program, or one team's output against another's, the holdout is the complete solution for ambitious experimentation teams.
It also solves other problems for you. Some of those wins were driven by novelty effects that fade out over time. Depending on how you configure your holdout, you can solve this problem at the same time. In other experiments, your outcome metric was a proxy because your key metric was too noisy for the effect size you expected. Literally, the low power problem we have iterated here. Pooled in the holdout, these experiments either finally show an effect on the key metric, or you find out that the proxy approach doesn't work.
Because the holdout is solving multiple problems at once, there are different ways to configure it. The differences may seem subtle, and how they matter isn't obvious. That is why we cover those carefully in a separate post:
what each holdout configuration actually measures
.
You may have heard another reason to hold out: interactions between experiments. Several platforms list this as a key motivation. But it probably isn't moving your sum much against the holdout. When two winners interact, the sum already captures it, the same way the holdout does. That holds as long as they ran concurrently, or you shipped one before testing the next. What's left is a winner interacting with a loser, and that only biases the winner if the loser was still live during the winner's test. Because losers get switched off when they lose, often early, they should interfere less. Winners get shipped and stay on, which is the harmless case the sum handles. Interactions are worth understanding properly, and that's why we will cover them in a separate post.
Should you trust the sum of your wins?
The sum overstates what you generated, and the winner's curse is the main reason. Every winner you kept leans high because you selected it for looking good. Discounting the total or shrinking each estimate toward a prior helps, but those corrections don't solve the underlying problem. The holdout does.
Add up your wins if you like. Just think twice before you put the total on a slide.
¹ The Type M (magnitude) error, or exaggeration ratio, and the design-analysis framing the figures use are from Gelman, A., & Carlin, J. (2014). "Beyond Power Calculations: Assessing Type S (Sign) and Type M (Magnitude) Errors."
Perspectives on Psychological Science
, 9(6), 641–651.
PDF
.
² The diagram uses a two-sided 5% test, and counts only the positive, significant part as shipped, which is what you'd actually roll out. A true-zero feature lands there 2.5% of the time, not 5%. Going one-sided wouldn't change the story. It only slides the threshold to the left, to about 1.64 standard errors. That raises power and trims each winner's overstatement a little. But it buys that by doubling the rate at which pure noise ships, and the selection is still there. Drop the threshold and more marginal winners crowd into the sum, not fewer.
³ Kohavi, R., Linowski, J., Vermeer, L., Andreev, A., Dodin, M., & Furuseth, J. "Trustworthy A/B Patterns and the Winner's Curse: Lessons from Eight Large-Scale Replications." KDD 2026 (forthcoming). Preprint; doi:10.1145/3770855.3818498. Across eight high-powered replications, only two effects were significant in the expected direction and one was significant in the opposite direction. The paper quotes the same exaggeration-by-power factors used here: a relative 13% at 80% power, 40% at 50%, and 130% at 20%.
⁴ Hoenig, J. M., & Heisey, D. M. (2001). "The Abuse of Power: The Pervasive Fallacy of Power Calculations for Data Analysis."
The American Statistician
, 55(1), 19–24. The companion practitioner argument is McKenzie & Ozier, "Why ex-post power using estimated effect sizes is bad, but an ex-post MDE is not," World Bank Development Impact (2019).
Experiments
Guides
Data Science
Featured
What does a holdout test actually measure?
July 9, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Guides
Data Science
Featured
Release
Experiments
Guides
Data Science
Featured
Featured
true
Body
Teams use holdouts differently but call them by the same name. This post is about what each one actually estimates, what it's for, and when the configuration matters.
‍
TL;DR
: A holdout measures what everything you shipped over a period was worth. Holdout estimates are usually less than the sum of your individual A/B test wins, mostly because the wins are inflated by the winner's curse. This piece explains four different configurations that all get you slightly different versions of the "effect of everything over the last period". The right pick depends on how much your features interact, how much novelty effects worry you, and which version you find most relevant.
What is holdout testing?
Most experiments answer a single-feature question: what is the value of shipping this change, versus staying with the current product? A
holdout experiment
asks the bigger question about the effect of every feature you shipped recently. You hold a group of users back from everything your team shipped (or tested) over a given period and compare them against users who got all of it. The result tells you whether the cumulative impact of those releases actually moved the needle for the business.
You hear people talk about holdouts, and it sounds like a good idea. But why exactly would you do it, and what do you do if it comes back flat? Roll back a quarter of the features? Probably not. So why bother?
Part of the trouble is the word. "Holdout" covers a few different things, and people reach for it to mean whichever one they have in mind. Two are worth separating before we go further.
One is about a single feature. You shipped something, it won, and you keep a small group on the old version for a few months to see whether the short-term win holds up in the long run. That's a question about the long-term effect of one change, and we'll cover that separately someday, but that's not this piece.
The focus of this post is testing everything at once. You hold a group of users back from the whole set of shipped work and compare them against everyone who got the changes. That's the kind of holdout this piece is about: the one you run to answer "how much did all of this really help the business?"
The idea is simple. What's confusing is that many companies are doing this slightly differently, and each tends to present its way as the obvious one. Same word, different machinery, different answers. To see what's really going on, and whether the differences matter, you have to be precise about what each one estimates. Let's start with that.
What a holdout actually measures
A combined holdout is just an experiment. The only unusual thing is the treatment you assigned. Normally, the treatment is one feature, and you hold everything else still. Here, the treatment is the whole batch of changes you shipped this quarter, and the control group stays on the product as it was before any of them.
That can sound like a clumsy way to get a number you could back out for free. You ran a bunch of experiments, kept the winners, and you can add up their effects. Why hold a group out from everything to learn what summing the wins would tell you?
Because summing fools you. The wins you kept are inflated: you only ship the experiments with significant effects, and those oversample the ones whose noise happened to push them up (the winner's curse). A companion piece,
Why summing your experiment wins overstates impact
, works through how much and the mechanics more clearly. Interactions are the softer second worry: two changes that each win in isolation can partly cancel when both ship, so the sum overcounts them. But that only happens when they were genuinely tested apart. If they ran concurrently, or you shipped one before testing the next, the sum already captures the interaction, the same way the holdout does. Whether it alters the sum at all depends entirely on how your experiments overlapped, and under a clean rollout, it often doesn't. We’ll cover this in a separate piece too. Either way, a holdout sidesteps both: it turns everything on and reads the joint effect as a whole. Here we take that as given and ask: what, precisely, does the holdout measure?
What holdout testing is actually for (and what it isn't)
If a holdout comes back flat, you're not going to roll back the quarter, so what was the point?
The point is rarely a ship-or-rollback decision. A holdout is an accounting instrument and an alarm. It tells you whether the wins are real once they're added up, and what to expect going forward (with some faith). The holdout result answers, "Did all the work we did really move the needle?" Hold out per team instead, and the question changes to "which teams are driving more impact," which is a funding-and-headcount call as much as a measurement one.
Etsy
, a marketplace, runs a quarter-long holdout for exactly this kind of company-level read: the collective impact of everything its teams shipped, which is rarely the sum of the individual wins.
That alarm is worth taking seriously. A holdout is the safety net against naive claims: it measures the whole configuration at once, so the net of every interaction, detectable or not, is already in the number. It won't tell you which culprit is at work, the inflated wins or the features stepping on each other, but it tells you there's something to find, and roughly how much of your reported progress went missing on the way.
Airbnb
reported a case where a run of individual wins summed to a 7.2% effect, but the holdout put the real number near 4%, almost half the sum gone.
Four holdout testing configurations: what each one estimates
Now, the part that confuses everybody: implementation. The configurations really do differ, and we will now unpack exactly how. Whichever one you run, you get an answer to the same bottom-line question of what the quarter was worth. But each answers a slightly different version of it, and two choices set them apart. First, what you compare the held-out group against. It is either a sample of the
full
population that lived through the rollout, losers and all, or a clean winners-only arm carved out of the holdout itself, a
split
. Second, when you read the result. Either
incrementally
, as the winners accrue, or in a
terminal
window at the end with everything on. Those two choices make four configurations, one per cell of the grid below. A fifth, the
Reverse holdout
, sits off the grid. It is the after-the-fact option for when you never set one up.
Figure 1: the four configurations on two axes. What you compare against, the full population or a split-off winners-arm, and when you read, incrementally or in a terminal window. GrowthBook occupies both top cells: it reads one held-out group either way, incrementally or in a terminal window, by flipping the analysis window. The two terminal reads differ most visibly in feature age: GrowthBook lands on worn-in features, Etsy on fresh ones.
Two things separate the configs below. Which features are on when you measure: today's adopted winners, or also the losers users lived through on the way. And how fresh those features are when you read: just-shipped, worn-in, or averaged across the whole rollout. Each configuration is described in plain terms here. The corresponding potential-outcomes estimand for each lives in The estimands, formally at the end.
Full-terminal (GrowthBook)
GrowthBook reads a single held-out group two ways from the same setup, switched by a toggle on the analysis window: the terminal read here, the incremental one in the next configuration. One holdout group, both reads. Hold a group on the old product and compare it against a sample of everyone else, deliberately the same size as the holdout, so the comparison stays balanced. The held-out group gets no new features after the holdout starts. The comparison group lives through the full product experience over the time period, features arriving as they ship, and the losers are the losers switched on for a while before getting dropped.
What makes this read
terminal
is the analysis period: after the active period, the set of features freezes, and the number is read over a few weeks. By then, it is the adopted winners all on and the losers all off. So the transient cost of weeding out the losers is not part of the measurement, only the cost that really persists. What's left to measure is the impact of the winning features, net of most novelty effects and the persistent cost of finding the winners. One thing to keep in mind: the comparison group lived through the losers earlier in the period, so any permanent damage the losers did still pulls the number down. The transient cost of running the losers is taken out, but the lasting cost is not.
Full-incremental (Statsig/GrowthBook)
Statsig keeps the same structure. A single held-out group against an equal-size sample of everyone else. However, it is measured continuously from the start. It thus captures the winners as they accrue and the losers as they get tested. No terminal measurement window. So the number is the net effect on your users as they actually lived through the full product experience. The winners
and
the running cost of weeding out the losers, each interaction weighted by how long the features overlapped. This is the full account of what happened.
Read this way, the held-out gap is not one number but a moving one: small early, when only a few winners are on, and growing as they accumulate. You add the gap up as it builds, rather than reading a single end-of-quarter snapshot.
For GrowthBook, this is the same held-out group as the terminal read, now read continuously, the other setting of that toggle.
Split-incremental (Eppo)
Take a holdout of any size, say 10%, and split it in half: half see no new features for the whole period, the other half get each winning feature the moment it's adopted. Both are shielded from the live experiments. Because the winners were picked from the population outside the holdout, the split re-measures them on a fresh sample. That is a replication on a fresh sample: winners that got through on noise tend not to survive it, and the number can come in lower than the individual tests promised.
Both arms come from the holdout and sit out every live experiment, so the contrast runs between two halves: a winner's arm that picks up each winner the moment it is adopted, against a status-quo arm still on the old product. Read incrementally, like the full version, but over winners only. Two things set it apart from the full version. The losers never reach either arm, so no loser cost enters. And because the winners were selected from the population outside the holdout, this re-reads them on units that took no part in picking them, the cleanest form of replication that every holdout does.
Split-terminal (
Etsy
)
Splits the holdout in half, too, but delivers everything at once. Hold a group out from everything for a quarter. At quarter's end, turn on all the adopted winners together for half the holdout for several weeks. Compare that half against the other half still on the old product. Because every feature goes live at the same moment, they all have the same age when measured. No ambiguity about which feature has been live the longest and which was turned on only at the end. Like split-incremental, this is a split, so the winners reach held-out users who had no hand in picking them, the same clean replication on out-of-sample users.
In the other configurations, features arrive across the holdout period. So at the measurement, each carries a different age. Turning everything on at once for half the holdout group gives every feature the same starting line instead. All of them fresh.
Every winner shares the same age, and that age is young. It aims at the same winners-all-on contrast as GrowthBook's full-terminal read, but with the features fresh instead of worn in: every feature at the same young age, measured the first time users meet it.
Reverse holdout
The one you probably didn't plan. Every design above has to exist before launch, because you can't hold a group out from something you already shipped. If you didn't set one up, you can still take a random group and revert them, turning the quarter's changes off again. That measures something genuinely different: not the effect of never having the features, but the effect of losing them. Take away something people have settled into, and you measure their annoyance along with the feature's value. Useful when it's the only option, but "had it and lost it" is its own estimand.
The same comparison shows the asymmetry. The kept group is on the worn-in winners. The reverted group is back on the old product, but reached by removal: its baseline carries the history of having had the features and lost them, not the clean never-had-it baseline the other four compare against. Losing something you have settled into provokes a reaction of its own that a never-had-it baseline never contains. Strip out features that were doing real work, and the reverted group drops below the kept one, so the number comes out positive; the bigger it is, the more the quarter is worth.
Configuration
How it's run
Estimates the effect of
Full-terminal (GrowthBook)
Held-out group vs an equal-size population sample, read in a measurement window at the end
Winners worn in vs the old product
Full-incremental (Statsig/GrowthBook)
Held-out group vs an equal-size population sample, read continuously as winners ship
Everything users lived, losers and all, vs the old product
Split-incremental (Eppo)
Holdout split into a no-features arm vs a winners arm, winners added as adopted
Adopted winners, re-read on a fresh sample, vs the old product
Split-terminal (Etsy)
Holdout split into old-product vs all winners switched on at once, in a dedicated measurement window
All winners switched on fresh, together, vs the old product
Reverse holdout
Everyone on the new product vs a random group reverted to the old
Losing the features vs keeping them
Figure 2: the same four over one period, showing which groups are compared, when each feature reaches them, and when the result is read. The two top panels are one GrowthBook held-out group read two ways: continuously on the left, in a terminal window on the right, set by the analysis-window toggle.
One practical thing cuts across all four, but not the Reverse holdout. Something has to keep the held-out users out of every experiment. On a platform that's handled for you: a
feature-flag prerequisite
in GrowthBook, the holdout config in Eppo or Statsig. The coordination cost mainly shows up if you build it yourself, which is why Etsy's writeup is half about the infrastructure it takes to keep a holdout clean across every team for a whole quarter.
Does your holdout testing configuration actually matter?
Start with what you actually want to measure. Read continuously against the full population, like Full-incremental, and you get the quarter as your users lived it, losers and all. The other four lean toward what to expect going forward: they focus on the winners, and the terminal reads let novelty settle before they measure.
How much the choice between configs then bites sharpens along the grid's two axes. The read axis, terminal versus incremental, decides how interactions and novelty land. The comparison axis, full versus split, trades the winner's curse against power.
On the read axis, start with interactions. If your teams ship to separate corners that don't touch, features barely interact, and the choice hardly matters. When many fight over the same surface, it does. The two terminal reads have every winner on when they are measured. So each interaction enters at full weight. Clean interaction accounting. The two incremental reads absorb interactions as they build over the rollout, each pair weighted by how long the two features happened to coexist. That is a more faithful picture of what users lived through. It is also a less clean account of the period's all-on state. The larger the interactions, the more the two reads diverge, so the choice matters. If you want the joint effect of everything turned on together, a terminal read measures it at full weight. If you want what users actually lived through the rollout, the incremental read is more appropriate.
Novelty is the other read-axis driver, and it sets the two terminal reads apart. They look like the same measurement taken at different times, and novelty is the difference you notice first. Split-terminal turns everything on fresh, so its window is novelty-heavy, while Full-terminal reads the winners worn in. With strong novelty effects, the two genuinely disagree, one catching the first reaction, the other closer to the mature state. A longer read settles the novelty but leaves the held-out group further behind. Age is not all that separates them, though: one is a full comparison and the other a split, so they part on the compare axis too.
On the compare axis, hold the read axis fixed and line up two terminal reads: GrowthBook's full-terminal against Etsy's split-terminal. Going from full to split changes two things at once, and they are worth separating.
The first is who you measure on. A full comparison measures the winners using a new sample of the same population from which they were selected. A split comparison measures them on held-out users who took no part in the selection. The winner's curse isn't creeping back in either case: both compare against a freshly randomized held-out baseline, so a false-positive winner regresses toward its true effect anyway. The split is the cleaner replication, but a full comparison is mostly fine on this count, too, since it still draws a fresh group to compare against, independent of the one that picked the winners.
The second is whether the losers are in the number. A full comparison's baseline lived through the losing experiments, too, so whatever lasting damage they did still sits in the comparison. A split's winners reach users who never met a loser. So a split also isolates the winners from the loser residue. Put the two together, and a split gives a cleaner, selection-independent read of the winners on their own. The more underpowered your experiments, the more lucky draws you ship, and the more that a cleaner read is worth.
That cleaner read costs something, though. A split keeps two arms out of your experiments, where a full comparison keeps only one, so it takes more traffic, and so more power, from the feature tests you're running. Whether a cleaner winner number is worth thinner experiments is a real trade-off, so it matters how much traffic you have to spare.
Configuration
Works well if
Be careful
Full-terminal (GrowthBook)
You want the settled value carrying forward, read after the quarter once novelty has worn in, with every interaction at full weight
Carries whatever lasting damage the losers did; it's the forward-looking read, not a complete account of what users lived through
Full-incremental (Statsig/GrowthBook)
You want the net effect users actually lived, ramp-up and losers included, tracked as it accrues
Interactions enter rollout-weighted, not at the period's all-on state; blends feature value with the cost of testing losers
Split-incremental (Eppo)
You want a read of adopted winners, shielded from concurrent tests
Same rollout-weighted interactions; both arms sit out your experiments, a bigger drain on feature-test power than a single holdout group
Split-terminal (Etsy)
You want clean interaction accounting with every feature measured at the same age
Everything is fresh in the window, so it reads the first reaction, not the settled effect; a bigger drain on feature-test power than a single holdout group
Reverse holdout
You didn't plan ahead and need a number
Taking away what people settled into is a different estimand from never having it
One caveat cuts across all of them. Every configuration assumes the held-out group shows you the world without your changes. In a marketplace, or any product with network effects, that breaks. The held-out users shop in the same market as the treated majority, who just moved. So the holdout's baseline is not really the old world. It is the old product in a moving market. This is not unique to holdouts. But a holdout makes it bite harder. The holdout group is deliberately tiny, so the market has shifted almost completely to the new equilibrium under the shipped features. And a batch of winners all pushing demand the same way moves that market more than any single test would. So read a holdout in a marketplace as a partial-equilibrium number, not the grand total.
The estimands, formally
For readers who want the
potential-outcomes
version, here is each configuration written as an estimand. Everything above stands without it, but here is a more technical description that can add some clarity.
Take every change you shipped as a switch, on or off. The product is a vector d, one entry per feature, and a customer's outcome under it, say revenue per user, is Y(d). The held-out group stays on the start-of-quarter product, every switch off: Y(0). Today's product is the winners you kept with the losers switched back off; call that configuration W.
A feature's effect the week it ships is not its effect once users settle in, so tag the treated outcome by age:
Y(·; novel): just shipped, the first reaction
Y(·; mature): worn in, the settled effect
Y(·; global): the whole lived experience, novel and mature together, averaged across the rollout
The age tag, not a day-by-day index, is what separates the reads. A terminal read lands on a single settled state, mature if novelty has likely worn off, novel if everything goes live at once. An incremental read integrates the gap over the whole rollout, which is exactly the global outcome: young and mature in the proportions users actually lived them. One more tag, Y(0; loss), marks a baseline reached by taking features away rather than never having them.
The five estimands, side by side:
Full-terminal
(GrowthBook): E[ Y(W; mature) − Y(0) ]
Full-incremental
(Statsig/GrowthBook): E[ Y(d; global) − Y(0) ]
Split-incremental
(Eppo): E[ Y(W; global) − Y(0) ]
Split-terminal
(Etsy): E[ Y(W; novel) − Y(0) ]
Reverse holdout
: E[ Y(W; mature) − Y(0; loss) ]
A couple of things to read off the list. The treated state is W, the adopted winners with losers off, everywhere except full-incremental, which keeps the full lived configuration d because it never drops the losers from the measurement. The age tag carries the terminal-versus-incremental distinction: mature or novel for a settled window, global for the running read. And the reverse holdout is the only one whose baseline moves, from Y(0) to Y(0; loss).
Note that W = W(S) is a function of the selection time window data — the winners are whichever features cleared the bar during the rollout period. The formal estimands above condition on the realized W. Whether the estimator that produces them is independent of S is the argument in the compare-axis section of the body.
Know what you're measuring with holdouts
Simple idea, but messy in practice. The choice between configs comes down to three things. Whether you want the quarter as your users lived it or the settled value going forward — that's the read axis. Whether novelty effects are strong enough to matter, which separates the two terminal reads. And whether the power cost of a split is worth it for your traffic situation. Get those three straight, and the config mostly picks itself.
Know what you're holding out for.
For the GrowthBook implementation specifically, see the
mechanics
and the
business case
.
Experiments
Product Updates
AI
Featured
Rebuilding the GrowthBook visual editor
July 8, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Product Updates
AI
Featured
Release
Experiments
Product Updates
AI
Featured
Featured
true
Body
Visual editors are a staple of experimentation platforms. The promise is simple: let anyone change a website and launch an A/B test without writing code or waiting on engineering. In practice, most visual editors fall short. They break on modern sites, cause flicker, and quietly push you back into writing CSS or HTML the moment anything gets tricky.
We designed the GrowthBook Visual Editor from a blank slate to fix these issues. The result is an AI-first editor that lives in your browser's side panel, and it finally lives up to the full potential of a visual editor. This post walks through what is new and why each piece matters for running A/B tests without engineering overhead.
AI first
Most visual editors are visual right up until they are not. The moment you need to nudge spacing or fix a layout, you are back in a CSS box. GrowthBook’s visual editor moves the editing into an AI prompt by default, so any change you can describe, you can build.
Ask it to change the background color, rewrite a headline, generate a few alternative CTAs, or restyle a section. The editor applies the change on the page instantly, and you approve it, reject it, or ask for something different. Nothing is saved to your variation until you accept it.
The AI also reads the live page, including the real elements and their computed styles, so its suggestions are grounded in your actual site rather than guesses. If it is unsure which section you mean, click to select one or more elements and the prompt uses them as context.
‍
AI image editing and generation
Images are often the highest-impact thing to test and the hardest to change without a designer. GrowthBook builds image editing and generation directly into the editor.
Ask the AI to generate a brand new image from a description, replace an existing image, or produce variations based on the image already on the page. Generated images are automatically cropped to the exact dimensions of the slot they replace, so nothing stretches or distorts. You can generate several options at once and pick the one that fits.
‍
Import from Figma or a mockup
Designs usually start in Figma or as a static mockup, and getting them into an experiment has meant a manual rebuild. GrowthBook can import directly from either.
Connect your Figma account and point the editor at a frame, or hand it an image of the design you want. It analyzes the design and turns it into a variation you can preview and refine, so a mockup can become a running test without rebuilding it by hand. You can also add additional context about how you want the design implemented.
‍
Built for modern web platforms
This is where most visual editors quietly fail. Modern frameworks and site builders generate class names like
css-1x9f3k
that change on every deploy. A visual editor that targets those names will silently break the next time your site ships, and the experiment stops running with no warning.
GrowthBook builds durable selectors instead. It ignores hashed and build-generated class names, prefers stable attributes, and anchors to elements in a way that survives redeploys. Your variations keep working after the next release.
‍
Manual mode and global code
When you want precise control, manual mode gives you a full WYSIWYG editor for any element you pick. Edit text, typography, layout, background, visibility, and classes, with each control pre-filled to the element's current values so you are adjusting from where the page actually is. This is also where the most advanced image editor lives. Select any img element to see the options. For changes that span the whole variation, the global CSS and JavaScript editors let you drop in custom code without leaving the panel (or let the AI generate this for you).
‍
No flicker
Flicker is the flash of original content that appears before a variation loads, and it is one of the fastest ways to bias an experiment. GrowthBook avoids it by applying changes before the page renders. Serve the GrowthBook SDK and your feature definitions from your own CDN or edge, and the variation is applied on the initial render rather than after it. Visitors see the variant immediately, with no flash of the control. If you don’t use a CDN, you can still enable the usual no-flicker scripts. See the
docs on avoiding flicker
for setup.
‍
Edit in 4 languages, and even in dark mode
The editor speaks more than English. Switch the interface into German, Spanish, or Portuguese so teams outside English-first organizations can work in their own language. And if you prefer a darker workspace, dark mode is one click away.
‍
Complete transparency
Every change the editor makes is listed in one place. You can see each edit, preview it on or off, jump straight to the affected element on the page, and edit or delete anything you no longer want. Nothing happens in a black box. You can also test your targeting before launch: the built-in URL tester tells you whether a specific URL would be included in the experiment, using the exact same logic the SDK uses in production.
‍
Try it out!
The rebuilt GrowthBook Visual Editor is AI-first, works on modern sites, and keeps you in control of every change. It makes launching an A/B test faster for everyone on the team, not just the people who write CSS. Get started with GrowthBook to create your first visual experiment, or read the
visual editor docs
to see how it fits your setup.
‍
The Edge Podcast
How JP Morgan ships faster, measures better: experimentation in the age of AI
July 8, 2026
Topics
The Edge Podcast
Release
The Edge Podcast
Featured
false
Body
When Kevin Yang puts a number on what experimentation has been worth to JPMorgan Chase, it stops the conversation. Over the years, his team estimates the value driven by experimentation and innovation at more than a billion dollars. For most companies, that figure alone would be the headline. For Kevin, who has spent the last six years building experimentation across Chase's digital platforms, the more interesting story is hiding inside it.
"That's only from the winners of the experiments," he told Ashley Stirrup on The Experimentation Edge. "Not even the losers." And then the line that reframes the whole discipline: "A lot of the value, if you think about it, the losers are probably where the value is really coming from."
That idea runs against the instinct of almost every team that ships software. We are trained to celebrate wins and quietly bury losses. Kevin's argument is that the
losses are the point
. They are the cheapest insurance a business can buy, and the only reliable engine of learning it has.
Listen to the full episode →
Why the losers matter most
The logic is simple once you sit with it. When an experiment wins, you ship it and move on. You rarely interrogate it, because success doesn't demand an explanation. When an experiment loses, you are forced to ask the question that actually makes a team smarter: why did this lose? Was the assumption wrong, or was it the execution? Should we refine the idea, or abandon it?
A losing test also does something the win never does. It stops you from rolling out a change that would have quietly degraded the experience for millions of customers. At Chase's scale, where Kevin says nearly every line of business could be its own company, that protection is enormous. The billion-dollar figure counts the upside of the winners. It doesn't even count the losses avoided by catching bad ideas before they scaled.
That scale is real. Kevin's team supports roughly 100 product teams across Chase's consumer bank, spanning credit cards, checking and savings accounts, mortgages, a sizable travel business, and even call-center and backend systems. They run about 300 experiments a year now, up from just eight in the first year after the infrastructure was in place. The team is built on two pillars: a platform that lets product teams self-serve
experiments
without needing a data scientist embedded on every team, and a practice arm that embeds experts into strategic initiatives to instill the right culture and decision frameworks.
The chart nobody can read
The cultural work is harder than the technical work, and Kevin has a favorite exercise for it. He puts up a 90-day time series of an app completion rate, a metric where a small relative change is worth millions to the business. Somewhere in that chart, a real and significant change occurred. He asks the room to point to it.
"So far, every time I try this, I don't think I've ever had anybody get it right," he said.
People pick the spikes. They pick the drops. They pattern-match to whatever looks dramatic. But the dramatic movements are just noise and seasonality, the same up-on-Monday, down-on-Sunday rhythm that anyone who has stared at marketing data will recognize. The genuinely valuable change is invisible to the naked eye, buried under variance.
Then Kevin reveals the trick. Add a control group, and a second line appears. The orange control line and the shaded gap between it and the treatment are the impact, finally made visible. "Most of the stuff you're releasing to market is not going to create huge spikes that you can really observe," he explained, "especially with seasonality and everything. So having a control group is super important."
This is the first myth he busts in every training: the belief that you can simply monitor a metric and know whether your change worked. At Chase's scale, where a single percentage point can be worth millions and is almost impossible to see by eye, monitoring without a control is just trusting noise. As Kevin put it, once you start measuring everything, you don't just learn more about individual features. You start to see your whole portfolio at a higher level, and that comprehensive view is what moves an organization in the right direction.
Measuring what's easy to count and hard to interpret
Not every metric behaves. Kevin is careful about engagement in particular, calling it one of those things that is easy to measure and hard to interpret. For a bank, more time in the app is not automatically good. The goal is trust and fast task completion, not screen time.
He gave a concrete example. On the mobile home screen, there's a tile that leads to your credit score. The team debated whether to bring the score forward or tuck it away, worried that surfacing it might stop people from clicking deeper into the feature. They brought it forward, and what they saw was repeat engagement, the healthy kind, alongside satisfaction and retention holding up over time. That's the difference between real engagement and vanity engagement.
Sometimes the right move is to deliberately slow users down. Chase introduces speed bumps in
payment flows
, including on Zelle, to protect customers from being tricked into sending money to the wrong person. Raw engagement would say to remove the friction. Customer trust says add it. Only a balanced decision framework, agreed on before the results come in, keeps a team honest about that trade-off.
Plan for failure before you run the test
That phrase, "before the results come in," is where Kevin spends a lot of his energy. Confirmation bias, he warns, creeps in precisely when a team never expected to lose. When the loss arrives unplanned, people start hunting for evidence to support what they wanted to do, questioning the metric or the methodology after the fact.
His antidote is to plan for failure up front. "One of the things we want to preach when we work with teams is to plan for failure," he said. Build the playbook for a loss before you run the test. Decide in advance what a loss would mean for your assumptions and what you'll do next. When losing is just the trigger for an already-planned next step, it stops feeling like a defeat, and teams stop gaming the outcome. He points to the iPod, which didn't truly become a winner until its third version, as a reminder that expecting V1 to win is rarely realistic.
The golden era, and the measurement it demands
All of this becomes more urgent in the
AI era
, which is where Kevin sees experimentation entering a golden age. The reasoning is direct. AI lets everyone ship faster, and soon lets people build and customize their own features. But speed without measurement is dangerous. "If you don't measure them right, your mistakes are going to compound," he said. More output multiplies the cost of being wrong.
AI also pushes teams into a non-deterministic world, where the same input doesn't always produce the same output, and the most important outcomes are qualitative. Ashley offered the example of
Khan Academy
, a GrowthBook customer whose AI tutor optimizes for cognitive engagement, whether a student is genuinely trying to learn rather than just extracting an answer. They lifted it by 6%, an outcome no automated eval could grade. Evals are strong at QA, at confirming you got the expected answer. They are weak at predicting how millions of real people, asking the same question nine million different ways, will actually behave and whether they leave satisfied or frustrated.
That gap is exactly where experimentation earns its place. As more software gets built faster, by more people, the teams that win won't be the ones shipping the most. They'll be the ones who can still tell which of those ships actually worked. "Everybody becomes a builder," Kevin said. "It's a fun time." It will be a fun time for the teams that
remember to measure
.
‍
Feature Flags
Featured
8 ways to use feature flags to reduce risk in deployment
July 6, 2026
Topics
Feature Flags
Featured
Release
Feature Flags
Featured
Featured
true
Body
You’re deploying more often than you were a year ago. And there’s a good chance your team has already shipped AI-assisted code into production. Despite these changes, your deployment pipeline still works the same way it always has. It either goes out, or it doesn’t. That’s where the risk is.
The
2025 DORA report
found that AI adoption increases throughput and stability. As you ship more code, the surface area for mistakes increases, too. And recovery just takes longer when you don’t have fallback systems or derisking mechanisms in place.
That is the same operating problem behind
JPMorgan Chase's experimentation in the age of AI
: AI changes shipping speed, but teams still need measurement systems that catch bad changes before they scale.
Increasing AI usage in software development is also decreasing the stability of the product
Source
However,
feature flags
change the unit of risk. Instead of every deployment being an all-or-nothing bet, you control who sees what, when, and how fast—and reverse it if needed.
In this article, we’ll walk you through different ways how
feature flags
can reduce risk during deployment.
1. Decouple deployment from release
Instead of merging code and exposing it to users in the same step,
you can use feature flags to decouple those steps
. Just wrap the feature with a flag, and deploy code to production with the flag off. Once you confirm everything looks good, you can
release the feature independently
. The operational impact is on your recovery time. A rollback means flipping the flag off, not undoing your work entirely.
If something breaks, you can actually investigate the specific issue and reverse the deployment immediately. Even companies like Amazon Web Services (AWS) operate this way. They
deploy features weeks in advance
but hide them behind flags. When executives announce the features on stage, their engineers flip a flag to make them available. As a result, nothing risky happens during a keynote.
This use case requires your flag platform to maintain an independent state per environment, so a flag stays off in production while it’s enabled in staging.
Platforms like GrowthBook let you
use feature flags
for all of this and more,
free
with unlimited environments on every plan. Each environment gets its own API key and independent flag states, so the separation between ‘deployed’ and ‘released’ is enforced at the infrastructure level.
Feature flags in GrowthBook
Source
2. Kill switches
Typically, if you have to roll back a deployment, you need to reverse the entire deployment. It takes more time, more coordination, and adds another layer of risk to the issue you’re dealing with.
In fact, DORA’s report found that 56.5% of engineering teams need between 1 and 7 days to recover from failed deployments. Only 21.2% recover within an hour. If you want to be a part of the latter group, you need to use kill switches.
Most engineering teams take 1 to 7 days to go from code committed to running in production
Source
Create a kill switch by wiring a pre-configured feature flag into a feature
before
it goes live. And when something goes wrong, you just have to flip it off to kill the feature. In 2024, CrowdStrike
experienced a global outage
when a faulty Falcon sensor update shipped directly to endpoints. It bricked 8.5 million Windows machines, and the recovery had to be done manually for each device.
If CrowdStrike used a staged rollout process and had a kill switch in place, it could’ve dramatically reduced the blast radius of this update.
The speed of a kill switch depends on how fast your flag platform evaluates state changes. If evaluation requires a server round-trip, you’re adding latency to your recovery window. So, choose a
feature flagging platform
that
evaluates flags
in milliseconds to enable almost immediate responses. In GrowthBook, kill switches work instantly because
flag evaluation happens locally in the SDK
.
3. Progressive rollouts
An all-or-nothing release means that a single bad deployment immediately affects 100% of your user base. And the CrowdStrike incident is just one example. That’s why you should use feature flags for
progressive or staged rollouts
instead.
Instead of releasing to everyone at once, you start with a small percentage of users and expand in increments based on what you observe. This directly reduces the severity of your change failures over time.
The rollout sequence typically looks something like this:
5–10%:
Validate core functionality and watch for error rate spikes
25%:
Confirm performance holds under moderate load
50–75%:
Monitor business metrics like conversion and latency at scale
100%:
Full release once confidence is established at each stage
Automating the ramp requires two things: deterministic evaluation so users don’t flip between variants mid-rollout, and metric-aware expansion so the rollout doesn’t advance past a stage it shouldn’t. GrowthBook offers both through
Safe Rollouts
where it automates this process. So, the same user always sees the same variant throughout the rollout. You can monitor results at each stage—and only ramp it up if the observability thresholds have been met.
Safe Rollouts let you automate the deployment process using feature flags
Source
4. Attribute-based targeting
Progressive rollouts control
how many
users see a new feature. But it distributes the exposure randomly. That means your highest-value customer could experience the buggy version of your release. You can use attribute-based targeting to avoid this.
Instead of random assignment, you control
which
users see the feature based on specific properties. For example:
Organization
Subscription tier
Geography
Device type
Internal employee status
The impact is similar to progressive rollouts, where you’re reducing the severity of your change failure rate.
Also, this kind of targeting requires flexible rule logic where you can combine attributes with AND/OR conditions and reuse audience definitions across flags without recreating them every time. You can use
GrowthBook
to do this, as it supports
AND/OR rule logic for targeting
and
Saved Groups
for reusable segments like “beta users” or “enterprise tier.” Since it uses deterministic hashing, you can keep the experience consistent based on the attributes you choose.
Examples of attributes you can use within GrowthBook
Source
5. Dark launches
You deploy in staging so that you can dot all your I’s and cross all your T’s. But in reality, you can’t accurately replicate production because the data volume or traffic shapes aren’t the same.
Dark launches resolve this issue by routing real production traffic through a new code path while discarding the output. None of your users sees the feature or experiences any change. But your engineers do see how the new code behaves under real-world conditions. From an operational perspective, dark launches improve your change failure rate by catching regressions before release. You’ll still see the failures, but your users won’t.
Let’s say you’re launching a new AI feature. You can route it to a small percentage of your traffic. Then compare guardrail metrics, such as latency or error rate, against the existing path. You can discard the output and just use the results to iterate from there.
It’s useful for database migrations, infrastructure swaps, algorithm changes, and new API integrations.
6. Guardrail metrics and automated rollback
Even with progressive rollouts, someone still has to watch the dashboard—unless you’re using a platform that alerts you automatically. But that’s not the case for most engineering teams. By the time you notice something, the damage is done.
Guardrail metrics
and automated rollback remove that bottleneck. Within GrowthBook, you can define thresholds that are continuously monitored during the rollout. If the threshold is breached, you can expect the rollout to reverse automatically. It reduces the severity of change failures and your mean time to recovery for each incident.
GrowthBook uses sequential testing and one-sided confidence intervals to monitor guardrails continuously. And it’s
warehouse-native
, so you’re checking against the same data definitions your analytics team already trusts.
The metrics you choose
depend on the
feature or deployment, but here are a few examples:
Error rate
on affected endpoints (e.g., rollback if error rate exceeds 2% in the treatment group)
p99 latency
on critical paths (e.g., rollback if checkout latency exceeds 800ms)
Conversion rate
on revenue-critical flows (e.g., rollback if purchase conversion drops below baseline)
Example of how automated rollbacks work within GrowthBook
Source
7. Multi-service release coordination
It’s normal for a single feature to span multiple services in a microservice architecture. But that also makes deployments a messy process.
Let’s say you deploy a new checkout feature to the cart service, but the payment service still runs the old version. You end up in a partially live state, and you can’t debug without coordinating it across multiple teams and repositories. With feature flags, you remove that intermediate state.
You can deploy all the services with the flag off and verify the deployment independently. When everything works well, you can activate the feature across all services together by flipping the flag on. As a result, you can reduce your chance of failure rate—and improve recovery time if there’s an incident.
GrowthBook’s
REST API
lets you verify that your services are ready before activating the flag programmatically. So, the release is atomic across your entire system instead of a staggered manual process.
8. Flag-based circuit breakers
Failed deployments are more the norm than the exception. And that’s by design. If you don’t have the right measures in place to derisk a deployment, it’s expected. And since every deployment has dependencies, it only runs through your entire infrastructure.
A flag-based circuit breaker gives you a pre-built fallback path gated by a feature flag. When an external dependency starts failing, you flip the flag to activate the fallback. It could be a kill switch or even something as simple as cached data. It doesn’t always prevent a dependency failure, but it does contain the blast radius of an incident.
In October 2025,
AWS DynamoDB
experienced an outage in the US due to a DNS race condition that affected several other services. Because there were no circuit breakers in place, every subsequent system failed—and was down for 15 hours. If its engineering team had activated cached fallbacks or degraded modes, it would’ve been a minor incident.
Impact of AWS DynamoDB’s outage in 2025
Source
With GrowthBook, it’s a simple fix. You can build a fallback path and gate it behind a flag. Here’s how:
Create a boolean flag set to off by default, as this serves as the fallback path.
Your application code checks the flag. When it’s off, the primary integration runs, but when it’s on, it activates the fallback.
When a dependency degrades, you flip the flag manually in the dashboard or programmatically via the REST API.
The SDK evaluates the new state locally, so the switch propagates quickly.
Reduce deployment risk with feature flags
You’re shipping more code than you were a year ago, and if the
Cortex 2026 benchmark
is any indication, you’re nowhere close to slowing down. That also means the risk of incidents
increases
over time.
The report found that pull requests (PRs) per author have increased 20% YoY, and incidents per PR rose to 23.5%. As more code goes out the door, failure rates are climbing.
Your risk model needs to adapt to tackle this. Feature flags give you the controls to maintain deployment speed while derisking deployments. It lets you expose a feature with more intention, so you’re never betting 100% of your user base at once. If something breaks (and it usually does), you can catch those regressions and roll back immediately.
If you want to test out feature flags for any of these use cases, why not try GrowthBook? It gives you feature flags, Safe Rollouts, attribute targeting, and a full REST API with
unlimited environments
, flags, and SDK connections.
You can
get started for free
or
book a demo
to see how it can work for you, too.
‍
The Edge Podcast
Twitch: false negatives are killing your best product ideas
July 1, 2026
Topics
The Edge Podcast
Release
The Edge Podcast
Featured
false
Body
Running an experiment is the easy part. The hard part is making sure a wrong answer doesn't quietly bury a good idea for years.
That is the uncomfortable truth Arun Bodapati, director of data science at Twitch, kept returning to on this episode of The Experimentation Edge. Most teams obsess over
false positives
— the experiment that says "yes" when the real answer is "no." But after building and leading experimentation work at Schwab, Uber, and now Twitch, Bodapati has come to fear a more expensive mistake: the false negative.
‍
Listen to the full episode →
The result that costs the most is the one nobody questions
A false positive, at least, tends to get caught. The effect looks too large, someone digs in, and the team applies more scrutiny. A false negative is quieter and more corrosive.
"False negatives are the killer," Bodapati said. Here is why. A product manager proposes an idea. The team runs an experiment. The result comes back negative — but it is a false negative, an artifact of a weak trigger or an underpowered test rather than a real read on user behavior. The statistical nuance is visible to only a few people. Everyone else, including the executives who allocate resources, hears one thing: "You tried it, it didn't work. Let's move on."
Then the damage compounds. "The worst thing is it gets institutionalized," Bodapati explained — the organization quietly files away that "we did try that intervention, and it did not work." A genuinely good idea can sit on the shelf for years because of one test that was never trustworthy in the first place.
For experimentation leaders, the lesson reframes where rigor matters most. Guardrail metrics and clean analysis protect you from acting on a bad win. But avoiding the false negative protects every future idea that resembles the one you wrongly killed.
Most of the work happens before you push play
If false negatives are the disease, Bodapati's prevention is almost entirely upstream — and it is unglamorous.
His first rule is to spend more time before pushing the play button. That means being clear on the
enrollment logic
and writing the hypothesis in plain English. "Have a hypothesis and an intervention," he tells product managers, engineers, and data scientists — and then resist the temptation to optimize before the experiment has even run. "You can always optimize later."
The plain-English test doubles as a filter. "If the intervention in plain English is very weak, just don't do the experiment," he said. "You're just wasting time." It is a deceptively strict standard. A surprising number of experiments are launched not because the underlying idea is strong, but because running a test feels like progress. Bodapati's bar is higher: if you cannot articulate a strong intervention in a sentence, the experiment is unlikely to teach you anything, and a null result will only add noise to the record.
Then comes the part he admits is hardest to systematize: experiment hygiene. "What is the actual trigger? Are the events that underlie the trigger reliable?" The honest answer, especially on mobile, is often no. "The client-side events, especially on mobile devices, are notoriously unreliable." An enrollment trigger that fires inconsistently is one of the most common sources of the false negatives he warns against — the experiment never cleanly measured the thing it claimed to.
There is a second, subtler trap in enrollment: over-narrowing. Teams often restrict an experiment to the exact users they believe will respond, because they already have a specific mental model. Bodapati pushes the other way. A small population has little
statistical power
, which raises the odds of a false negative. His guidance is to run a broad "explore" experiment first — particularly the first time you try a given intervention — and then do the
segment analysis after the fact
. Heterogeneous treatment effects models let you find the subpopulation that actually responded without sacrificing power up front. "You can always do the analysis ex post to figure out if your hypothesis was correct."
And when a result does come back positive, Bodapati does not simply celebrate. He asks the team for two things: a mechanistic understanding of why the change worked, and which segments are contributing most to the lift. "The numerical result is less interesting than actually describing in plain English what the user behavior was." If no one can explain the behavior, the win may itself be a statistical mirage.
When "we're worried" became something measurable
The clearest demonstration of this discipline at Twitch was pricing — a decision the company had treated as nearly untouchable.
Twitch had not raised subscription prices in a long time and had stayed resistant even as post-COVID inflation reshaped costs across the economy. The hesitation was not really about Twitch's own revenue. "We only make money if our creators make money," Bodapati said, and the company feared a price increase would cost creators their income. The instinct was protective — but it was an instinct, not a measurement.
The complication is that Twitch could not borrow an answer from anyone else. "Unlike Uber, which has real-time elasticities being computed, we don't have that." Twitch is closer to Netflix: prices do not move on the fly. The models the team had were built in a pre-inflation world and no longer described the present. The only honest path was to generate new data.
So the team designed geo-fenced experiments. They raised prices in carefully matched markets and used causal inference on the back end to estimate the true elasticity. The matching was deliberate: UK and Ireland served as a read on the US East Coast, because viewer composition and — crucially for live streaming — time zones lined up, with large audiences tuning in after 5 or 6 PM. The German-speaking markets of Germany, Austria, and Switzerland formed another homogenous block that watched similar creators.
The findings were, in Bodapati's words, "no surprises — just econ 101." Raise prices, lose some units, but make it up on the increase when the net effect is accretive. The one genuine surprise came from gifted subscriptions, a behavior unique to Twitch's sense of community, where viewers buy subs in batches of 15 or 20 for others. Elasticity models suggested a basic price increase could cost the platform some of its biggest gifters, which led the team to experiment with promotions, despite early hesitation, and to demonstrate that promotions could drive incremental revenue.
The deeper shift was cultural. Pricing stopped being a one-time experiment the team ran and walked away from, and became a permanent lever — "a measurement technique to figure out the efficacy of that lever," built to be tuned again and again. Watching elasticity estimates translate into the company's actual financial reports gave executives, engineers, and product managers confidence that experiments could inform one of the most consequential decisions Twitch makes. An area once governed by "thou shall not touch" is now mature enough that the team is exploring bandits.
The takeaway for experimentation leaders
The thread connecting all of it is that an experimentation program is only as trustworthy as the results it produces — and a false negative erodes that trust silently, one shelved idea at a time. The defense is not more sophisticated math after the fact. It is discipline before the test: a strong hypothesis in plain English, reliable triggers, enough power to detect a real effect, and a refusal to run experiments that cannot teach you anything.
Ready to build an experimentation program your whole team can trust? Explore how GrowthBook helps you ship winning experiments with a transparent,
open-source statistical engine
at
growthbook.io
.
‍
The Edge Podcast
Squarespace killed Its blank template — and built something better from the wreckage
June 30, 2026
Topics
The Edge Podcast
Release
The Edge Podcast
Featured
true
Body
Picture the moment a product team has been waiting for. Squarespace — the platform where 3 million customers build their websites — ships a blank template. No pre-designed layout, no guardrails, just a white screen and total creative freedom. The early dashboards light up: more users than ever are entering the CMS. Then the team looks one metric downstream, and the celebration stops.
"This was actually a bit of a disaster," says Lina Blackman, Director of Product Analytics at Squarespace. "It was not a good user experience. We saw early signals that we were increasing the number of users coming into our CMS — but they didn't end up converting."
On The Experimentation Edge, Blackman walked host Ashley Stirrup through what happened next — and why one of Squarespace's worst-performing launches became one of its most valuable. Her account is a case study in what separates mature experimentation programs from teams that simply run tests: the discipline to treat a loss as data, not as a verdict.
🎧
Listen to the full episode →
Three Million Customers, Two Kinds of Users
The blank template wasn't an unreasonable bet. Plenty of users say they want full control, and the most technical ones mean it. But when Blackman's team dug into why entry rates rose while conversion fell, they found something more useful than a verdict on one feature. They found a fault line running through the entire customer base.
"We realized that we have two very distinct user types," Blackman explains. "One that is more technical and wants the customization, and then a whole lot of users who actually need a guided way to design their templates." The second group — small business owners with no time to dig into HTML — weren't failing to use the blank template. The blank template was failing them.
The segmentation that emerged, learners versus builders, did more than explain one bad result. It reshaped how teams thought about the entire onboarding flow. The blank design was killed forever. The thinking it forced became Blueprint, the AI-guided builder now live on squarespace.com.
"Sometimes if you ask a user what they want," Blackman says, "what they tell you they want is not actually what they want."
That single line is the quiet engine of the whole story. Stated preference said: give us freedom. Behavior said: give us guidance. Only a controlled experiment could refute that disagreement — and only a team prepared to interrogate a loss could hear the answer.
The Two Questions That Rescue a Losing Test
Squarespace runs 150 to 200 experiments a year, with analysts embedded in every product team and a centralized program — shared test repo, briefs, decision matrices — holding it together. At that volume, most tests will not win. What matters is what happens next.
"I heavily believe that failed tests are just as good," Blackman says. When no variant wins, her analysts ask two questions. First: are there
granular segments
where this experience actually worked? That's the
analytics
deep dive — the kind that surfaced learners and builders. Second: should we continue investing in this idea at all?
The second question is the one most teams skip, because it's not a statistics question. It's a portfolio question. "There's a million things that a product team can be building," Blackman notes. "Experimentation's just a good way to focus and revisit all of the user problems that you could be solving and figuring out which one's most impactful."
Every closed test, win or lose, also feeds a knowledge library: this worked for our users, these kinds of experiences don't. Not the final say on future decisions, Blackman is careful to add, but compounding context that makes the next hypothesis sharper than the last.
One or Two Big Wins a Quarter Is the Healthy Number
There's an emotional dimension here that experimentation leaders will recognize. Teams root for their variants. Even Blackman's analysts — whom she affectionately calls the "spies" embedded in product teams — get attached. The antidote isn't detachment; it's calibrated expectations.
"Teams only need one or two big wins a quarter," she says. "It's just not sustainable to have a million hits."
That math changes how a loss reads. If you expect most tests to lose, a losing test isn't a failure of the program — it's the program working. The ideas that would have quietly hurt the business get caught before they ship to 3 million customers. The fault lines in your user base get mapped. And the rare big win arrives with the statistical confidence to bet on it.
If AI Runs the Test, Why Run It?
The conversation turns sharpest when Stirrup asks where experimentation at Squarespace goes next. Blackman's answer starts where everyone's does —
AI
— and then takes a turn most don't.
Yes, AI is speeding up the A/B testing workflow, and her team is already experimenting with it. But she's wary of automating away the thinking. "The tests that are less risky, sure — have an AI run the analysis, have an AI run the test brief," she says. "But then I might question: why are we running it then?"
Her emerging dividing line: hand AI the mundane parts of the analyst workflow — tracking, assignment setup — and keep the methodical reasoning human. "We'll still have to approach some parts of the process manually, because we need to be thinking methodically through each of the steps."
The same clear-eyed pragmatism applies to AI-powered features themselves. With every company releasing a chatbot, the launch decision is often already made. "We know we wanna roll this out because that's what the industry is doing," Blackman says. "But we could definitely leverage experimentation for optimizing the experience or the entry points." The test isn't whether to ship — it's whether the prompt quality, the entry points, and the long-term value actually hold up once users arrive.
The Wreckage Is the Asset
The blank template story tends to get retold as a redemption arc: failed launch becomes beloved AI builder. But the more useful reading is structural. Squarespace didn't get lucky. It had embedded analysts close enough to the product to dig past the surface metric, a program disciplined enough to ask the two questions, and a culture honest enough to kill a design forever without killing the learning.
That's the real argument for experimentation — not that it produces wins, but that it converts losses into direction. The blank screen didn't survive. What Squarespace learned from it is now the front door to the product.
Box’s e-commerce team reached the same conclusion by
building psychological safety into their reporting
: they share both wins and losses with leadership every two weeks, which keeps a losing test from feeling like a career risk.
Ready to put more rigor behind your own losing tests? GrowthBook is the open-source feature flagging and experimentation platform built for teams that want to ship winning experiments — and learn from the rest. Start for free or get a demo at growthbook.io.
AI
Experiments
Feature Flags
Featured
Your agents shouldn't guess at feature flags and experiments
June 29, 2026
Topics
AI
Experiments
Feature Flags
Featured
Release
AI
Experiments
Feature Flags
Featured
Featured
true
Body
If you use Claude, Cursor, or another coding agent day to day, you've probably tried to use it to create a
feature flag
or analyze an
experiment
. The agent can parse your intent and call the GrowthBook API, but it guesses at the procedure. It might ship a flag enabled by default. It might read experiment results without checking for a sample ratio mismatch first. Its results are all plausible, and you only find out later what it skipped or got wrong.
GrowthBook's new open-source
agent skills library
is built around a different model. You give the agent a written playbook that encodes the procedure and best practices. The agent follows the playbook.
What are agent skills for feature flagging and experimentation?
Agent skills are Markdown files that an AI agent reads as instructions for how to do something. Each skill covers a specific GrowthBook task: creating a feature flag, designing an experiment spec, analyzing results, cleaning up
stale flags
. The agent follows the steps in the skill, calls the GrowthBook REST API directly, and returns the output to you.
Install them with:
npx skills add growthbook/skills
Or install via the Claude Code plugin. The skills follow the
Agent Skills standard
, so they work in Claude, Cursor, Codex, or any agent that supports it. Every skill is a readable Markdown file at
github.com/growthbook/skills
, so you can inspect exactly what the agent will do, fork the repo, and adapt skills to your workflow. We welcome ideas and contributions to the library. The
GrowthBook docs
cover setup and the full list of skills.
Why plain prompts fail for feature flag management in AI agents
Asking an agent to "just create a flag" works until it doesn't. Your agent might add a rollout rule, or ship the flag at 100% right away. Ask it to "analyze the experiment" and it could read the p-value off the page without checking for a sample ratio mismatch first. A simple prompt doesn't constrain an agent or guide it through best practices.
A skill turns those best practices into steps the agent follows every time:
New flags ship disabled.
The skill creates the flag in an off state. You explicitly add rules to enable traffic.
Changes follow draft, review, publish.
Edits don't go live until they move through GrowthBook's approval flow.
Experiment analysis includes SRM checks.
Before reporting lift, the skill checks for
sample ratio mismatches
that would invalidate the result, then reports confidence or credible intervals, not a raw p-value.
It won't invent what has to be real.
Ask it to run an experiment on a metric that isn't defined in GrowthBook yet, and it stops and tells you to create it first, instead of inventing a metric ID and confidently reporting success.
The guardrails aren't instructions you hope the agent remembers. They're written steps in a file it always references.
What the GrowthBook skills library covers
The library spans the full GrowthBook lifecycle:
Feature flags:
create, target, ramp, safe rollout, and cleanup
Experiments:
brainstorm, design, launch, analyze, stop
Discovery:
search and audit your flags, and trace their dependencies
Example: running a flag-based experiment with an AI coding agent
Say you're shipping a new checkout flow. Here's how a session might look.
Prompt 1:
"Wrap the new checkout in a feature flag and roll it out to 10%."
The skill creates the flag in a disabled state, then adds a percentage rollout rule set to 10%. The flag goes live only after you confirm.
Prompt 2:
"Set up an experiment on the new checkout measuring conversion."
The skill collects a hypothesis, the primary metric (checkout conversion), and any guardrail metrics you want to watch, say revenue per user. It calculates a recommended sample size from your baseline and a minimum detectable effect, then drafts the experiment spec. Draft state, not live, so you review before it launches.
Prompt 3 (one week later):
"Did the checkout experiment win?"
The skill fetches results, runs an SRM check first, and reports the lift with a confidence interval (frequentist) or credible interval (Bayesian), depending on your
stats engine
. You get an honest read: whether the results are conclusive, what the interval says, and a recommendation on whether to ship or keep running.
Each prompt is plain language. Each runs a specific, auditable skill under the hood. You stay in your preferred editor or terminal the whole time.
Get started with GrowthBook agent skills
The full library is open source at
github.com/growthbook/skills
. Each skill is a short Markdown file you can read and adapt to your team's own conventions. Skills also compose: analyze an experiment, stop it with a documented conclusion, then clean up the flag, all in one workflow without jumping between tasks.
If something doesn't match how your team works, open a PR or file an issue. The goal is a set of skills the community trusts because the community has read, used, and refined them. These skills are an active project, and we're adding new ones all the time. We'd love your feedback and ideas on what to build next.
Compare
6 alternatives to Unleash for feature flags (2026)
June 19, 2026
Topics
Compare
Release
Compare
Featured
false
Body
Unleash is one of the most established open-source
feature flag platforms
in production today. It was founded in 2015 with 13,300+ GitHub stars and earned its reputation by doing one thing reliably:
giving engineering teams a self-hosted, API-first way to toggle features in production
. That’s why companies like Visa, Wayfair, and Deutsche Telekom trust it.
However, feature flagging in general has outgrown the toggle. Your team now expects flags to connect to metrics, trigger rollbacks when something degrades, and feed directly into
experimentation workflows
. Unleash was built before those expectations existed, and its architecture reflects that.
As teams scale, a few limitations surface repeatedly:
The burden of
self-hosting
increases as your architecture grows, and now it will be the default, as the OSS Edge version will depreciate in December 2026, after which you'll need Enterprise Edge (paid) for edge-based flag evaluation.
It uses a polling-based architecture by default, but Unleash Edge now offers streaming as a real-time alternative (in beta).
It doesn’t offer server-side identity or trait storage, meaning every flag evaluation requires full user context at runtime.
There are no native AI or agentic workflows for flag management—so if you’re moving to more AI-led development processes, it’s not the right platform for you.
There’s no built-in experimentation or statistical engine, so you need a separate tool to measure whether a flagged feature made a difference.
If you’re currently moving away from Unleash or exploring friendlier and more flexible options for
feature flagging
, this guide walks through six Unleash alternatives for the same.
What is Unleash?
Unleash is an open-source feature flag management platform focused on enterprise engineering teams and release workflows. It was originally Apache 2.0 licensed (source code moved to AGPLv3 from v8.0.0; official Docker images remain Apache 2.0) and self-hostable.
The platform lets you do the following:
Toggle features on or off for specific users or groups
Roll out features gradually by percentage
Define custom activation strategies based on user IDs, constraints, or environment
Manage flags across multiple projects and environments
At the moment, Unleash’s positioning leans into “FeatureOps,” where it treats flag changes as formal change events. You get governance workflows, such as change request approvals with 4-eyes review, granular RBAC, and full audit logs. And if you’re in a regulated industry, the platform offers FedRAMP-ready infrastructure, ServiceNow integration, and air-gapped deployments right out of the box.
You can deploy Unleash using its open-source self-hosted version (limited to 1 project and 2 environments) or its managed cloud offering. The open-source version of Unleash Edge reaches end-of-life on December 31, 2026—after which you'll need Enterprise Edge for edge-based flag evaluation.
Here’s what the pricing structure looks like:
Open source (self-hosted):
Free, but limited to 1 project and 2 environments.
Pay-as-you-go (cloud):
$75/seat/month with a 5-seat minimum.
Enterprise:
Custom annual pricing for self-hosted, cloud, or hybrid. Includes SSO, SCIM, and advanced governance.
There’s no viewer-only seat option for read-only users, which means costs scale quickly once non-engineering teammates need access.
Unleash holds a
4.7/5 rating on G2
across 123 reviews, and most users compliment its flexible rollout capabilities and the ability for both developers and product managers to manage flags without any issues. So, it’s ideal for enterprise platform engineering teams in regulated industries that need self-hosting at a large scale and mature governance features.
Why engineering and product teams look for alternatives to Unleash
Unleash does feature flags well. The reasons teams look elsewhere almost always trace back to what happens
after
the flag goes live—and what Unleash can’t do at the flag level itself.
Here are some of the most common reasons users switch:
Client-side SDKs may require a separate proxy server:
Unleash’s browser and mobile SDKs are thin clients as they don’t contain targeting logic, hashing, or bucketing. Frontend SDKs don't evalaute flags locally. That said, in production, Unleash recommends deploying Unleash Edge as a separate server to handle client-side evaluation. The built-in Frontend API is an alternative but it can't be scaled horizontally as it's not designed to handle such large volumes.
By default, Unleash uses a polling-based architecture.
Your SDKs periodically fetch the latest configuration rather than receiving changes via streaming. However, Enterprise Edge now offers streaming via Server-Sent Events as a beta feature (as of June 9th, 2026), but streaming is not available in the OSS edition.
No identity or trait storage server-side:
Unleash doesn’t store user attributes. Every flag evaluation requires you to pass the full user context at runtime. If you’re using a microservice architecture where this data spans multiple services, each service either fetches context from a shared store or passes it through the request chain.
5-segment limit per activation strategy:
On cloud and paid plans, you’re capped at five segments per strategy. If your targeting logic is more complex—say, you’re rolling out to enterprise customers in three regions while excluding a specific account tier, you’ll hit this ceiling. This is a soft limit that can be adjusted by the customer; customers can map multiple activation strategies (each with up to 5 segments) to the same flag.
Safeguards offers automated rollback but not to a known-good state:
Unleash launched Impact Metrics with safeguards in V8 and is out of beta as of July 2026. Safeguards can automatically pause rollouts or disable the flag in that environment when a metric crosses a threshold. But it requires instrumenting metrics via the SDK or connecting Prometheus. This is only available on Unleash Enterprise. If the rollout is paused, you have to manually resume or revert it. If a rollout is disabled completely, it reverts to its fallback path and you have to manually re-enable or reconfigure the rollout state. There's no option to automatically revert to a previous rollout configuration.
No dedicated edge SDK packages:
Unleash Edge is a standalone Rust binary that you compile and deploy separately. There are no lightweight npm packages for Cloudflare Workers, Fastly Compute, or Lambda@Edge. And the open-source version of Edge reaches end-of-life on December 31, 2026—after which you’ll need Enterprise Edge (a paid dependency) for the same functionality.
Limited AI-native flag workflows:
Unleash recently added an MCP server, but the platform doesn’t ship opinionated agentic workflows. You can use its tools to create, roll out or clean up feature flags. But it doesn't offer robust advanced agentic workflows like GitHub skills or similar.
OSS Edge deprecation forces you to switch to Enterprise Edge:
Unleash OSS Edge reached LTS in December 2025 and
hits end-of-life on December 31, 2026
. If you’re running Edge in production for edge-based flag evaluation, you’re facing a forced migration to Enterprise Edge or switch platforms (which could be why you’re here!).
Per-seat pricing gets expensive quickly:
The paid plan starts at $75/month per user with a 5-seat minimum. Even though there's a viewer-only seat for product managers or stakeholders who just need read access, it's a licensed seat. So, the costs can scale quickly without any increase in value.
What to look for in an Unleash alternative
Before you start comparing platforms, decide what actually matters for your team’s use case. Here are a few factors you can consider while making that decision:
Open-source availability and license:
Do you prefer MIT, Apache 2.0, or BSD-3? The license determines how freely you can fork, redistribute, and modify. Also, check whether the self-hosted version has feature parity with the cloud, as some vendors gate key capabilities behind paid tiers even when the codebase is technically open.
Self-hosting viability:
“Self-hostable” means different things across vendors. Some platforms require Kafka, ClickHouse, Postgres, and Redis running together. Others deploy as a single Docker container. Assess the operational overhead realistically. Ask yourself: How much engineering time goes into maintaining the deployment? And is a managed cloud option available at a reasonable cost if you outgrow self-hosting?
Real-time flag propagation:
Streaming vs. polling architecture matters when you need a kill switch to take effect in seconds. If the platform uses polling, understand the default polling interval and whether you can push changes more frequently when something breaks in production.
Identity and trait storage:
Does the platform store user context server-side, reducing per-evaluation overhead? In microservice architectures, passing full user context with every flag check introduces latency and coupling that increase as you scale.
AI and agent readiness:
If your team uses AI coding tools like Cursor, Claude Code, or Codex, check whether the platform integrates with the MCP server or via a REST API. Can an agent create flags and manage rollouts from your IDE? As more teams move towards an AI-native development process, it’s becoming table stakes.
Warehouse-native analytics:
If your data already lives in Snowflake, BigQuery, or Redshift, a warehouse-native platform can query it directly for experiment analysis and guardrail metrics. This keeps your metrics consistent across teams and eliminates duplicate data pipelines.
Pricing model predictability:
Per-seat pricing is predictable, but if you have a large team or read-only seats, the costs can get out of hand. However, per-MAU or per-event pricing scales with your success—which sounds fine until a traffic spike doubles your bill. Understand what you’re paying for, and at what point costs become unpredictable.
Governance depth:
For many teams in regulated industries, approval workflows, RBAC, audit logs, and scheduling workflows are critical. But many platforms gate these behind enterprise contracts. So, cross-check what’s available at each pricing tier before you sign up.
SDK coverage and evaluation architecture:
Choose a platform with SDKs for every language in your stack. But also evaluate
how
the SDK works. For example, does it evaluate flags locally (no network call per check) or does it phone home on every evaluation? This decides how quickly your flags evaluate and whether your users will experience latency.
Built-in experimentation and stats engine:
Can the platform run A/B tests with statistical analysis, or does it require you to wire up a third-party tool? Look for methods like Bayesian inference, frequentist testing, CUPED variance reduction, and sequential analysis. If your team ships features and wants to know whether they moved a metric, it’s a non-negotiable.
Quick comparison of the best Unleash alternatives
Here’s a quick overview of the six best alternatives to Unleash for feature flagging:
Feature
GrowthBook
LaunchDarkly
Flagsmith
Statsig
PostHog
Split (by Harness)
Open-source
✅ MIT
❌
✅ BSD-3-Clause
❌
⚠️ Partially
❌
Self-hosted
✅ Full-featured
❌ (Relay Proxy only)
✅ (Enterprise only)
❌
⚠️ Limited
❌
Smart feature flags
✅ Warehouse-connected guardrails
✅ Guarded Releases
❌
✅ Bundled flag intelligence
⚠️ Basic
✅ Metric-aware monitoring
Guardrails and auto-rollback
✅
✅
❌
⚠️ Limited
❌
✅
AI-native features (MCP)
✅ MCP + 19 AI skills + 250 REST API endpoints
✅
⚠️ MCP endpoint only
✅
✅
✅
AI application control
✅
✅
⚠️ Limited
⚠️ Limited
⚠️ Limited
⚠️ Via SDK only
Built-in experimentation
✅ Warehouse-native
✅ (Paid add-on)
❌ (Bucketing only, no stats)
✅ Warehouse-native
✅ Basic
✅ Warehouse-native
Pricing model
Per seat
Per service connection + MAU
Per API request
Per event
Per event
Custom
Best for
Teams wanting open-source flags + experimentation
Enterprise teams needing max reliability
Teams wanting flags + remote config with native analytics integrations
Teams optimizing for flags + analytics in one tool
Product teams wanting flags + web/LLM/product analytics + session replay
Teams on Harness CI/CD or focused on CI/CD automation
Best alternatives to Unleash for feature flagging
Let’s look at how each of these platforms stacks up against Unleash and why you should consider it:
1. GrowthBook
GrowthBook is an open-source feature flagging and experimentation platform that connects directly to your
data warehouse
. You can think of GrowthBook as three products inside one MIT-licensed codebase:
A feature flag engine with
24 SDKs
and sub-millisecond local evaluation.
A production-grade
experimentation platform
with Bayesian, frequentist, sequential testing, and CUPED variance reduction built in.
A strong
product analytics product
that acts as a managed warehouse for your product data.
All these products share the same flag and the same warehouse-defined metrics, so you never need to reconcile data between systems. Your application doesn’t depend on GrowthBook being available, because feature flags are evaluated from a locally cached payload. As a result, if GrowthBook’s cloud goes down (and it rarely does!), your app keeps running with the last known configuration. It’s the architectural equivalent of building a circuit breaker into the foundation rather than bolting one on later.
With its
latest 4.4 release
, the feature flagging product has gotten a serious upgrade as it enables forward-thinking development teams to centralize the workflows around AI.
That’s why teams like
Dropbox
(3 billion+ daily flag evaluations on self-hosted GrowthBook),
Khan Academy
, Sony, Pepsi, Wikipedia, Mistral, and Upstart run GrowthBook in
production at scale
.
“What I like best about GrowthBook is that it gives teams a practical way to manage feature flags and experiments without making the workflow overly heavy. The interface is generally clear, and it is useful to have experimentation, rollout control, and analysis connected in the same environment. That makes it easier to move from idea to test to decision with more structure and less back-and-forth between teams. I also appreciate the flexibility on the integration side, because it can fit into an existing data stack rather than forcing a completely closed setup. From an ROI perspective, that matters a lot, since it allows teams to get value from experimentation and progressive delivery without necessarily committing to a much larger platform than they need.” — Arthur H.,
G2 user
.
Source
GrowthBook key features
GrowthBook's features
Feature flags (including AI-native flags)
Boolean, string, numeric, and JSON
feature flag
values with multi-environment management.
Targeting by attribute
, device, geography, or custom properties; saved groups for reusable segments—gradual rollouts from 10% to 100% with deterministic hashing. AI-native capabilities include ramp schedules for model and prompt deployments,
stale feature detection
, Feature Evaluation Diagnostics for rule-by-rule traces, and approval flows that work whether a human or an agent makes the change.
Open source and standards
MIT license. OpenFeature-compatible (CNCF standard) with official providers for Java, Python, Go, .NET, JavaScript, and the Vercel Flags SDK.
License and deployment
MIT-licensed open source. Three
deployment options
: GrowthBook Cloud, fully self-hosted (Docker / Kubernetes), and Cloud with Managed Warehouse. Same codebase across all three.
SDKs and performance
24 SDKs across server-side, frontend, mobile, and edge runtimes. JavaScript SDK ships at 13.6kb gzipped. SDKs evaluate locally from a cached payload, so you get sub-millisecond performance with zero network calls per check.
Statistical engine
Bayesian and frequentist analyses,
sequential testing
with always-valid confidence intervals, CUPED variance reduction (cuts experiment runtime by 20–50%), sample-ratio mismatch detection, post-stratification, and multi-armed bandits. Open source and inspectable on GitHub.
Data warehouse support
Direct connection to Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift, ClickHouse, Databricks, Athena, Postgres, MySQL, MS SQL, Presto/Trino, and Vertica.
Safe rollouts and governance
Staged rollouts
from 10% to 100% with sequential guardrails pulled from your warehouse. If a rollout degrades revenue or error rates, the platform surfaces warnings and can auto-rollback. Enterprise adds approval workflows, ramp schedules, and prerequisite flags.
MCP server
MCP server
for Cursor, Claude Code, and Codex. AI Data Analyst for natural-language metric exploration.
AI skills
Access over 23
pre-built skills
for creating feature flags, targeting rules, rollout plans, and flag clean-up.
APIs
Over 250 REST API endpoints so that AI coding tools can use the CLI to do almost everything a human can do through the GrowthBook UI, including creating feature flags, roll-out schedules, and feature flag clean-up.
Advanced governance
Role-based access control, full audit logs on every flag and experiment change, and configurable approval workflows requiring one or more reviewers before changes go live. Enterprise adds prerequisite flags, code references for stale flag cleanup, custom validation hooks, and granular approval gates for production environments.
Security and compliance
SOC 2 Type II and ISO 27001 certified. Compliant with GDPR, COPPA, and CCPA, with HIPAA BAA available for Enterprise customers. Self-hosted Enterprise deployments can satisfy HIPAA requirements inside your own certified infrastructure. Warehouse-native architecture means no end-user PII ever leaves your environment during flag evaluation.
Migration tools
Built-in importers for
LaunchDarkly
and
Statsig
pull projects, environments, flags, targeting rules, rollouts, and prerequisite flags directly through the dashboard.
Pricing
Cloud Starter is free (3 users, 3 environments, 1M CDN req/mo). The paid plans include the Pro plan at
$40/user/month for up to 50 users
, and the Enterprise plan (custom quote). Self-hosted OSS is free with no traffic cap.
Reviews
G2: 4.6/5
across 26 reviews. 7,000+
GitHub
stars. 1T+ daily flag evaluations across the customer base.
Pros of GrowthBook
Rich control over feature flag creation, deployment, and cleanup right from your AI coding tool of choice. You can create flags, set targeting rules, configure rollout plans, and remove stale flags without leaving your IDE.
You can use
smart feature flags
to tie feature flags to any metric in your data warehouse. And then use Ramp schedules with guardrails to monitor performance at each stage and auto-rollback if a metric degrades.
The platform enables AI-led development with its new MCP server and lets you
bring AI agents into the process
without friction. You can automate release plans and even clean up stale flags without leaving your agent.
You can see the
SQL queries under the hood
, and audit the stats engine on GitHub when your data team wants to verify the math.
The platform is well-known for its responsive, technically adept customer support.
Since the platform is
open source
, you can contribute to the project, and some users have said the new feature request was
merged within weeks
.
Flags and experimentation live on a single platform. You don’t have to reconcile data across multiple vendors, and you can load experimental data from another platform into GrowthBook to run more advanced tests.
Drawbacks of GrowthBook
You’ll get the most out of experimentation features if you already have a data warehouse. GrowthBook Cloud offers a
Managed Warehouse
, but self-hosters still need to set one up if they don’t have one.
There’s some onboarding time to learn advanced feature flag capabilities—particularly JSON payloads, advanced targeting rules, and experiment configuration.
You’ll need an Enterprise license for SSO/SAML, SCIM, holdout experiments, and cross-experiment insights, though the core flagging and experimentation capabilities remain free in the OSS edition.
The UI can be complex for less-technical team members—particularly non-engineering stakeholders who are navigating experiment results.
How GrowthBook compares to Unleash
Even though both platforms support self-hosting and prioritize the developer experience, the main difference shows up when your feature flags go live.
GrowthBook provides a full local SDK evaluation and doesn’t require a proxy. So, all the targeting, hashing, and bucketing all happen inside the SDK with zero network calls. But Unleash’s client-side SDKs are thin proxies that require a separate Unleash Proxy or Frontend API server, which adds a potential point of failure.
So, choose the following because:
GrowthBook wins
for
engineering
and
data teams
who need strong feature flagging capabilities for traditional or
AI-native development
alongside statistically rigorous A/B testing, a single open-source platform, and don’t want to send data to a vendor or run a separate proxy.
Unleash wins
for data-conscious teams that want flags only (no experimentation), value the larger community and 11-year track record, or specifically need FedRAMP-ready infrastructure and ServiceNow integration.
Who is GrowthBook best for?
Engineering and data science teams at growth-stage or enterprise companies who already have a data warehouse and want
feature flag management
plus real experimentation in one open-source platform. This is especially true if you don’t want to pay for separate experimentation tools or send data to another vendor.
It’s also a strong option for companies in regulated industries like
fintech
,
healthtech
,
edtech
, and
AI software
, where data sovereignty is non-negotiable. And for smaller engineering teams or solo developers looking for a robust feature flagging platform that can grow with them as they mature into experimentation.
2. LaunchDarkly
LaunchDarkly
is the category-defining enterprise feature management platform—the incumbent that every alternatives article is measured against. It was founded in 2014, and now LaunchDarkly serves over 5,500 organizations, including roughly a quarter of the Fortune 500 (Hulu, IBM, Atlassian, iCIMS).
Source
The earlier version of its product was focused on decoupling deployment from release. So, the code ships to production in the dark, and the feature gets switched on independently and gradually. But as of 2026, it has moved to bring the “runtime control for AI-era software.” The platform now bundles feature flags, Guarded Releases (progressive rollout with observability), experimentation, and AI Configurations for managing LLM prompts and models at runtime.
If your
evaluation criteria
require support for specialty platforms like Apex, Erlang, and Haskell, or enterprise governance depth, LaunchDarkly is usually the safest default.
The platform holds a
4.5/5 on G2
across 700+ reviews, but most users consistently flag two negative things: cost and the feeling that valuable features keep getting gated behind higher tiers.
LaunchDarkly key features
Here’s a list of features LaunchDarkly offers:
LaunchDarkly's features
Feature flags
Feature flagging for advanced targeting, segmentation, release management, and more. Offers Boolean and multivariate flags, along with a dashboard for multienvironment tracking.
Statistical engine
Bayesian and frequentist methods, CUPED variance reduction, sequential testing, SRM detection, and multi-armed bandits. Sold as a paid add-on at $3 per 1,000 client-side MAUs on Foundation, or bundled into Enterprise.
License and deployment
Proprietary SaaS only. No self-hosted or on-prem option, which is a blocker in regulated industries that need full data residency.
SDKs and performance
25+ idiomatic SDKs covering server-side, client-side, edge (Cloudflare, Vercel, Akamai), mobile, and AI-specific runtimes. Real-time flag propagation in seconds.
Warehouse support
Warehouse-native experimentation following the Houseware acquisition, but currently limited to Snowflake. Requires high-level Snowflake account permissions to set up.
Safe rollouts and governance
Guarded Releases automate progressive rollouts with real-time monitoring and instant rollback. Enterprise adds change windows, advanced approval workflows, full audit logs, and custom roles.
AI agent support
AI Configurations let you tune models and prompts at runtime without redeployments. Strong fit if you're shipping AI features and want runtime control over model selection and prompt versions.
Pricing
The "Developer" plan is free (3 environments, 5 service connections, 1K contexts/mo). There are three paid tiers: Foundation starts at $12/mo per service connection + $10 per 1K client-side MAUs + add-ons. The Enterprise and Guardian plans are priced custom.
Reviews
G2: 4.5/5
across 700+ reviews.
TrustRadius: 7.7/10
across 54 reviews.
Capterra: 4.7/5 ease of use
.
Pros of LaunchDarkly
The platform offers
robust observability features
, including qualitative data such as session replays. So, you can see what goes wrong during a feature rollout.
The platform’s targeting engine is strong because it offers context-based rules, reusable segments, and percentage rollouts with high-level granularity.
Flag propagation is
real-time via streaming
, which means changes reach every environment in seconds instead of the next polling interval.
SDK coverage is among the broadest available (25+ official SDKs), including specialty platforms like Apex, Erlang, and Haskell.
It also has Guarded Releases, which bring observability directly into the feature rollout workflow, so you can see error rates spike and roll back before users notice.
Drawbacks of LaunchDarkly
Pricing is the
most common complaint
across all review platforms. The consumption model (service connections + client-side MAU + experimentation MAU + add-ons) scales unpredictably, and many users report contract costs nearly doubling at renewal.
Experimentation is a paid add-on at $3 per 1,000 MAUs—on top of the base tier’s cost. If experimentation is your primary use case, it gets expensive quickly.
There’s no self-hosted or on-prem option. For teams currently on Unleash
because
of data sovereignty requirements, or for those in a regulated industry, it’s a huge drawback.
The free Developer tier caps at 3 environments, 5 service connections, and 1,000 client-side MAU, which is easy to outgrow these days.
The platform still lacks robust flag lifecycle management, as it
lacks service- or team-based grouping
, so you have to rely on naming conventions.
Multiple reviewers describe a steep learning curve and a UI that “becomes overwhelming when managing large numbers of flags.”
The AI features are still quite underdeveloped because they
don’t take advantage
of all the feature data they pull right now to help with rollout-related decisions.
How LaunchDarkly compares to Unleash
Both platforms target enterprise engineering teams, but they sit on opposite sides of the build-vs-buy spectrum. Unleash gives you open-source control and self-hosting, while LaunchDarkly gives you managed reliability and deeper governance automation. But it comes at the cost of vendor lock-in and expensive contracts. Here’s where they win:
LaunchDarkly wins
for large enterprises that need the deepest governance, widest SDK breadth, and Guarded Releases with observability. And they should have the budget to cover annual contracts of $20,000–$200,000+.
Unleash wins
for teams that require self-hosting, open-source transparency, or predictable per-seat economics. Unleash also supports FedRAMP-ready infrastructure, which LaunchDarkly does not.
Who is LaunchDarkly best for?
Large enterprises and Fortune 500 engineering organizations that need maximum governance depth and a fully managed release-safety layer. But only if they’re comfortable with a cloud-only and consumption-based pricing model.
It’s also particularly strong if you’re shipping AI features and want runtime model control via AI Configurations—but it still doesn’t offer
compliance-aware model routing
to prevent data from moving through disallowed regions. If you’re in a regulated industry, it could cause compliance issues.
3. Flagsmith
Flagsmith
is an open-source feature flag and remote configuration platform, which is BSD-3-Clause licensed and bootstrapped. The platform pairs two things engineers usually wire together themselves: feature flags and remote configuration. You can toggle features, push key-value config changes, and target by user segment without redeploying code.
The platform serves customers like Pfizer, BP, and Komerční Banka. Most users consistently praise the ease of setup, responsive support, and value for money, but since it was purpose-built for feature flagging, that’s all it does well.
Source
Flagsmith key features
Flagsmith's features
Feature flags and remote config
Unlimited flags and environments on every tier. Boolean toggles, multivariate variants, percentage rollouts, and key-value remote configuration are managed from one interface.
Identity and trait storage
Stores user identities and attributes in-platform, which enables per-user overrides and lower-latency evaluation in distributed systems.
Real-time Edge API
Global, low-latency Edge API across eight regions. Flag changes propagate instantly without any polling interval.
Segmentation and targeting
Attribute-based segments for beta cohorts, percentage rollouts, and targeted releases.
A/B and multivariate testing
Multivariate flags with percentage weightings for phased rollouts and canary deployments. But there's no built-in stats engine — analysis requires an external tool like Amplitude or Mixpanel.
Deployment flexibility
SaaS, private cloud (your provider/region), self-hosted on-prem via Helm and an OpenShift Operator, air-gapped deployments. Free open-source edition available. Note: on-prem is Enterprise-only.
Governance
RBAC, change requests, audit logs, 2FA, SAML/SSO (Scale-Up+), LDAP/SCIM (Enterprise). SOC 2 certified.
Integrations
16 native integrations, including Segment, Amplitude, Mixpanel, Google Analytics, Datadog, Terraform, Jira, and GitHub. There's also an MCP endpoint available, but anything else requires webhooks.
Pricing
Free tier for up to 50,000 requests per month. Paid plans start at $45/month, and the Enterprise plan is priced on a custom basis.
Reviews
G2: 4.8/5
across 37 reviews.
Pros of Flagsmith
Multiple users say the platform is
easy to get started with
. And both developers and non-technical team members can navigate the UI without a training session.
It provides identity and trait storage, which reduces per-evaluation overhead in microservices.
You get real-time flag propagation via the Edge API, so you don’t have to wait for a polling interval when something needs to change immediately.
The company provides
responsive, engineering-led support
—even on lower-priced tiers. Many users point this out and say it’s one of the biggest differentiators.
By providing remote configuration alongside flags, it lets you manage feature behavior and visibility in one place, without maintaining a separate config service.
Drawbacks of Flagsmith
There’s no built-in statistical engine. Flagsmith handles bucketing (splitting users into variants), but the actual analysis happens elsewhere, so you need to either integrate an analytics tool or conduct the analysis there.
It’s not a warehouse-native platform. Your experiment data flows through third-party analytics integrations rather than being queried directly from your data warehouse. So, reproducing flag-related data depends on the integrations sitting between your tools.
Some reviewers
note that the UI can be “hard to explain to non-developers,” particularly around segmentation and per-environment value management.
As of June 2026, there are only 16 native integrations. Anything beyond Segment, Amplitude, Datadog, and a few others requires webhooks. One of the most limited sets of integrations compared to other feature flagging providers.
As the platform uses request-based pricing on paid tiers, it can scale unpredictably. The free tier covers 50,000 requests/month, and overages cost $7 per additional 100,000 requests. The costs can rise quickly for high-traffic applications.
On-premises deployment is only available on the Enterprise plan, which may be cost-prohibitive for smaller teams that need self-hosting for compliance.
How Flagsmith compares to Unleash
Both are open-source feature flag platforms with strong self-host options. At its core, Flagsmith addresses Unleash’s two most commonly cited architectural gaps: it stores identities/traits server-side (reducing per-evaluation context overhead) and uses real-time propagation instead of polling. But it does just feature flagging well.
Flagsmith wins
for teams that need real-time flag updates, identity-aware targeting, remote configuration as a primary use case, or native integrations with their existing analytics stack (Amplitude, Segment, Mixpanel).
Unleash wins
for enterprise platform teams that need FedRAMP-ready compliance, air-gapped deployments, and the governance depth that comes with a decade-plus track record in regulated environments.
Who is Flagsmith best for?
Mid-market engineering teams and enterprises that want feature flags and remote configuration in a single open-source platform. But it’s also particularly strong for teams in regulated industries that need self-hosting with SOC 2 compliance and that don’t require built-in experimentation.
4. Statsig
Statsig
is an experimentation-first platform that bundles feature flags, A/B testing, product analytics, and session replay into a single product. It was founded around 2020 by Vijaye Raji (formerly an engineer at Facebook), so Statsig grew on the strength of warehouse-native experimentation and a famously generous free tier.
Source
There’s an elephant in the room, though. In September 2025, OpenAI acquired Statsig for $1.1B, and founder Vijaye Raji became OpenAI’s CTO of Applications. Then in May 2026, Amplitude announced it would take over the Statsig brand, customers, and codebase—while the original engineering team stayed at OpenAI. The product now has Amplitude’s brand backing but none of its original builders. If you’ve made or are planning to make a multi-year platform commitment, the roadmap remains quite unstable over the next few months.
Statsig key features
Statsig's features
Feature flags
Feature flagging for smarter releases includes automated release management workflows. Flag analytics are built in to monitor exposure events in real time.
License and deployment
Proprietary, cloud only. Some open-source SDKs, but the core platform and stats engine are closed source. The warehouse-native mode keeps your data in the warehouse, while the control plane stays in the Statsig cloud.
SDKs and performance
30+ SDKs across server-side (Java, Kotlin, Node, Python, Ruby, Go, .NET, PHP), client-side (JavaScript, React, iOS, Android, Dart, Flutter), and edge environments.
Statistical engine
Bayesian and frequentist methods, CUPED variance reduction, sequential testing, SRM detection, holdouts, layers, and contextual bandits. Included on all paid plans.
Warehouse support
Warehouse-native architecture supports Snowflake, BigQuery, Databricks, Redshift, and Athena. Its compute runs in your warehouse, but the control plane stays in the Statsig cloud. It's only available in the Enterprise plan.
Product analytics and replay
Bundled product analytics (events, funnels, retention, cohorts), session replay (50K sessions/mo free), and surveys all in one platform.
Industry focus
Gaming, B2B SaaS, Ecommerce
Pricing
Free Developer tier (2M events/mo, unlimited flag checks, 50K session replays). Two paid tiers: Pro at $150/mo base + $0.05 per 1K events over 5M, and Enterprise is priced on a custom basis.
Reviews
G2: 4.7/5
across 347 reviews.
Pros of Statsig
The
free tier
is quite generous in this category, as you get unlimited feature flags across all usage levels, and the platform charges only for analytics events.
The statistical engine is included on every paid plan with advanced capabilities: CUPED, sequential testing, contextual bandits, and SRM detection. Also, many users
praise the speed of experimentation setup
and the clarity of the Pulse results interface.
You can get feature flags, experiments, analytics, and session replay in one tool, so it reduces integration overhead for teams consolidating their stack.
The platform detects experiment bias, runs sanity checks, provides guardrail metrics, and delivers confidence intervals. As a result, you can get robust experiment results without needing in-house expertise for interpretation.
Drawbacks of Statsig
The platform is in a mid-acquisition transition. With the engineering team at OpenAI and the brand at Amplitude, the product’s stability and roadmap are open questions. At this point, only existing Amplitude customers are likely to take on this risk for new deployments.
No self-hosted option because Statsig is cloud-first. Also, warehouse-native analytics is an enterprise-only option, and even then, the control plane is hosted—not a fully in-your-infrastructure deployment.
Multiple reviewers cite a
steep learning curve
and insufficient documentation, especially for less-technical users or teams new to experimentation.
Some users report that SDKs automatically capture a wide range of metrics, which can dramatically inflate subscription costs beyond the free tier.
If you want to backfill metrics mid-experiment, it requires workarounds that limit flexibility when goal definitions shift after an experiment has started.
It’s not open source. You can’t audit the stats engine, fork the codebase, or run it fully on your own infrastructure.
How Statsig compares to Unleash
Unleash is a dedicated flag-management tool with no analytics. However, Statsig is an experimentation platform that includes flags. If you’re switching between both, you’d be making a huge jump because of the differences between the platforms:
Statsig wins
for teams that want flags and experimentation in a single product and are comfortable with cloud-only deployment and the uncertainty around the acquisition. Even though it offers warehouse-native analytics, it’s only available on the Enterprise tier.
Unleash wins
for teams that need open-source self-hosting, FedRAMP-ready compliance, and a stable, independently governed roadmap. Unleash is also the safer bet for teams that can’t accept a platform whose engineering team no longer maintains it.
Who is Statsig best for?
Teams that want a unified cloud platform spanning feature flags, experimentation, and analytics—and are comfortable with the Amplitude ownership transition. Existing Amplitude customers will especially have the smoothest path. But if you need self-hosting, open source, or a stable long-term roadmap, you need to look elsewhere.
5. PostHog
PostHog
is an open-source, all-in-one developer platform that bundles product analytics, feature flags, session replay, A/B testing, surveys, error tracking, and an AI assistant into one MIT-licensed product. It was founded in 2020 and now serves 190,000+ customers. The platform’s pitch is consolidation, where you replace five or six separate tools with a single SDK and a single billing relationship.
Source
For an Unleash user, PostHog represents a different kind of upgrade. You’re not just getting better flags; you’re getting the entire analytics and experimentation stack you’d otherwise assemble from parts. The trade-off is that feature flags are just one of many features in PostHog, not the platform’s core focus. If you need deep,
sophisticated flag management
at enterprise scale, PostHog won’t match Unleash’s governance depth.
PostHog key features
PostHog's features
Feature flags
Offers Boolean and multivariate flags and lets you customize your rollout strategy by user or group properties, cohort, or traffic percentage. Also lets you bootstrap flags on initialization, so all flags are available immediately on page load.
Experimentation
Run experiments even on qualitative data, such as session recordings. Supports A/A testing, A/B testing, A/B/N testing, holdout testing, fake door testing, and redirect testing.
License and deployment
MIT-licensed core with a proprietary ee/ directory for enterprise features. Three options: PostHog Cloud, self-hosted Docker Compose (recommended only up to ~300K events/month), or the posthog-foss build for teams that want zero proprietary code.
SDKs and performance
Coverage across JavaScript, React, Node, Python, Ruby, Go, PHP, Java, iOS, Android, and Flutter. Autocapture is available for browser-based products. Performance can degrade on large datasets.
AI observability
Monitor AI products by inspecting latency, traces, spans, usage, and per-user costs.
Product analytics and session replay
Native product analytics with autocapture, session replay, web analytics, error tracking, surveys, and CDP.
PostHog AI and MCP server
Use PostHog AI (Max), a natural-language assistant to debug code and answer analytics questions. The MCP server lets you connect PostHog with tools like Claude Code and Cursor and run actions through them.
Pricing
Generous free tier covering 1M events, 1M flag requests, and 5K session recordings monthly. Offers pay-as-you-go pricing per event, starting at $0.000100/request for feature flags (after 1 million requests). Startup program offers up to $50K in credits per year.
Reviews
G2: 4.5/5
across 1,048 reviews.
Pros of PostHog
Many reviewers say that having qualitative and quantitative tools on a single platform helps them get a complete picture without switching between tools.
The free tier is the most generous, given its breadth. You get 1M events, 1M flag requests, and 5K session replays without even offering your credit card. For early-stage teams, their traffic/event numbers are quite low.
A single SDK handles flags, analytics, session replay, and experiments. You don’t need separate instrumentation per tool.
The platform offers transparent, usage-based pricing with no gatekeeping. You can evaluate and adopt the product by signing up for yourself.
Drawbacks of PostHog
Feature flags are not PostHog’s primary offering. The platform isn’t built for sophisticated flag management at enterprise scale, and it lacks approval workflows, advanced RBAC, and the governance depth you’d expect from a dedicated flag tool.
PostHog is cloud-first. The self-hosted edition is
unsupported at scale
and recommended only for ~300K events/month. In fact, Posthog’s team discourages its use at scale because of the costs of managing the infrastructure, and the product may not be as robust. If you’re leaving Unleash specifically to maintain self-hosted data sovereignty, PostHog doesn’t solve that problem.
It also involves a steep learning curve because the breadth usually comes with complexity, and some teams report taking months to implement it fully.
Since it offers only event-based pricing, the pricing can scale unpredictably at high volume. As your product grows, so does your bill, which is a concern if you’re processing millions of events monthly.
It’s not warehouse-native either. PostHog ingests events into its own system. If your team has invested in a data warehouse as the source of truth, PostHog creates a second one.
The experimentation engine doesn’t include CUPED variance reduction or sequential testing. For teams running experimentation as a core discipline, you’ll hit the ceiling quickly.
How PostHog compares to Unleash
PostHog and Unleash are very different, as Unleash is a dedicated, self-hosted flag platform that deliberately doesn’t try to be an analytics tool. On the other hand, PostHog is a broad analytics suite that includes flags as one of many capabilities.
It makes sense to switch if you’re a product team switching to more features. Here’s how they stack up:
PostHog wins
for early-stage product engineering teams and startups that want analytics, flags, session replay, and surveys in a single product, with a generous free tier. It’s particularly strong if you’re building consumer-facing software and want consolidation over specialization.
Unleash wins
for teams that need dedicated flag management with enterprise governance, self-hosting at production scale, and FedRAMP-ready compliance. Unleash is also the better fit if feature flags are your primary concern rather than one feature among many.
Who is PostHog best for?
Early-stage product engineering teams and startups that want analytics, feature flags, session replay, A/B testing, and surveys in one cloud product with a generous free tier—and don’t need deep flag governance or self-hosting at scale. Particularly strong for consumer-facing software, where you need a broader tool stack versus deep specialization.
6. Split (by Harness)
Split
is now Harness Feature Management & Experimentation (FME), a feature flagging and experimentation module embedded in Harness’s full-stack, AI-powered software delivery suite. While it was an independent platform earlier, it was acquired by Harness in 2024, and feature flagging is just
one
part of a much broader CI/CD platform.
Source
For an enterprise DevOps team that already lives in Harness, FME is a natural addition. But for an Unleash user motivated by open source needs or dedicated feature flagging functionality, it might not be the right choice.
Split key features
Split (Harness FME) features
Feature management
Boolean toggles, multivariate variants, configuration flags, and percentage rollouts are core flag types. Coupled with cloud-based and warehouse-native experimentation and observability for feature rollouts.
Continuous delivery and GitOps
Native integration with the Harness CI/CD pipeline and GitOps engine. Feature flag rollouts can be tied directly to deployment events, allowing you to coordinate flag changes with release pipelines across services and environments.
AI SRE
AI-driven service reliability capabilities link feature management to incident response. When a flag rollout correlates with degraded service health, AI SRE surfaces the connection so your team can investigate and roll back.
License and deployment
Proprietary, cloud only. No self-hosted or on-prem option. Operates inside the broader Harness Cloud platform alongside CI/CD, Chaos Engineering, Continuous Verification, and Cloud Cost Management.
SDKs and performance
15+ SDKs covering server-side (Java, .NET, Node, Python, Ruby, Go, PHP, Elixir) and client-side (JavaScript, React, React Native, Angular, Redux, iOS, Android, Flutter). Real-time streaming with sub-second flag evaluation. Evaluator service available for unsupported languages.
Experimentation
Offers automated metric impact analysis, sequential testing with multiple-testing corrections, multi-metric experiments, holdouts, and a patented attribution engine. Available on all plans.
Warehouse support
Warehouse-native experimentation was added under Harness in 2026. Assignment and metric data can run inside the customer's data warehouse.
Safe rollouts and governance
Progressive delivery (1% to 100%), automated rollout monitoring, change history, audit trails, approval workflows, RBAC, and feature flag archiving (added 2026).
Harness AI
Powered by AIDA, the AI layer that runs across the Harness Platform. AIDA assists with feature flag creation, rollout decisions, experimentation analysis, and stale flag detection. It also integrates with other AI agents through its MCP.
Pricing
Contact their team for pricing.
Reviews
G2: 4.6/5
across 281 reviews and
4.6/5 on Gartner Peer Insights
(147 reviews).
Pros of Split
The experimentation engine is quite robust as it offers advanced features like sequential testing, dimensional analysis, and the flag-to-impact feedback loop.
It offers deep CI/CD pipeline integration, so your feature rollouts can be automated based on experiment outcomes. You don’t have to do it manually.
It uses real-time streaming and delivers sub-second flag evaluation, which matters for live experiments and progressive rollouts on consumer traffic.
The AI Release Agent now adds an agentic layer that interprets results and recommends rollout decisions. As a result, it reduces the cognitive load on release engineers.
Drawbacks of Split
It’s not an open-source platform, and it doesn’t offer a self-hosted deployment option. If you’re leaving Unleash to maintain data sovereignty and infrastructure control, Split moves you further from that goal.
Many users say the
platform’s UI is too complex
to navigate, which also results in long implementation times. The learning curve is too steep because you need to get up to speed on everything else it offers.
Harness doesn’t publish its pricing and usually bundles its offerings, so you might pay more than you expect. On average, teams
pay $49,200 per year
—and it can exceed $200,000.
Users report that the product can be quite unstable and that internal transitions can even slow down their implementation process.
You’re buying into a platform, so if you don’t use Harness for CI/CD, chaos engineering, or cloud cost management, you’re paying for a suite wrapper around the flag and experimentation capabilities you actually want.
Some users find customer support less responsive than on other platforms they use.
How Split compares to Unleash
Even though Split offers a much better experimentation engine than Unleash, most Unleash users choose it for its openness and independence. That’s why:
Split wins
for large enterprises already standardized on Harness for CI/CD that want flags and experimentation integrated into their existing delivery pipeline.
Unleash wins
for teams that prioritize open source, self-hosting, transparent pricing, and vendor independence. Unleash is leaner, more focused, and doesn’t require commitment to a broader platform suite.
Who is Split best for?
It’s best for large enterprise DevOps and platform engineering teams already using Harness for CI/CD or chaos engineering. Especially if they want to add statistically rigorous feature flagging and experimentation inside the same delivery platform. It’s not a fit for teams that want an
open source platform
or standalone tooling for feature flagging without broader platform commitments.
So, which Unleash alternative is the right choice for your business?
All in all, Unleash has built a solid feature flagging tool. If your team needs open-source flag management with self-hosted deployment, it still does that well. But that’s where the buck stops.
If you need experimentation, real-time propagation, AI-native workflows, or flag lifecycle management beyond the toggle, you can consider choosing any of the following platforms:
If you want strong feature flagging capabilities for AI-native development,
GrowthBook is the best choice. It’s open source and has launched advanced feature flagging capabilities, including ramp schedules, automated stale flag cleanup, approval flows, AI MCP, and granular targeting. These features let you take full control of the traditional and
AI-led development process
, helping you ship features faster while reducing deployment risk.
If experimentation is the gap,
GrowthBook and Statsig are the strongest options. GrowthBook wins because it’s open source and offers warehouse-native experimentation from the get-go. Also, you can be sure that its roadmap is stable and governed independently, which is something Statsig can’t guarantee with its recent acquisitions.
If you need the deepest enterprise-grade governance,
LaunchDarkly is the safest default due to its feature set. However, GrowthBook is a close second, coming in at roughly half the price.
If you’re already on Harness CI/CD,
consider using Split (by Harness). You’ll benefit from the native pipeline integration and AI Release Agent without adding another vendor.
If you’re a startup and want analytics, flags, and replay in one cloud product with a generous free tier,
PostHog is a strong choice.
If you want a feature-flagging product with built-in remote configuration,
Flagsmith could be a good option. It offers the same open-source ethos and deployment model, but with real-time flag evaluation.
If you’re looking to try out an
open-source feature flagging platform
immediately, give
GrowthBook
a shot. Here are a few ways to get started:
You can
spin up GrowthBook for free.
Run the self-hosted edition
on your own infrastructure.
Book a demo
with our team to get a more tailored solution.
‍
Compare
7 best alternatives to Flagsmith for feature flagging (2026)
June 18, 2026
Topics
Compare
Release
Compare
Featured
false
Body
Flagsmith, an open-source
feature-flagging
and remote-configuration platform, has earned its place in the space. It’s bootstrapped and self-hostable, which is why many engineering teams choose it for their infrastructure. But as your team matures and feature flagging becomes a core part of your delivery infrastructure, you’ll need more advanced capabilities like automated rollbacks and feature diagnostics to deploy safely.
Unfortunately, Flagsmith is a small, self-funded business with fewer resources and funds than its competitors. As a result, Flagsmith lacks some important capabilities that customers need as their use of feature flagging matures, including:
Limited AI assistant integrations compared to larger vendors. While Flagsmith does expose an MCP endpoint, it does not currently ship opinionated skills or workflows for common IDE agents like Cursor, Claude Code, or Codex.
Less comprehensive diagnostic and debugging workflows, making it harder to quickly troubleshoot issues.
Fewer built-in safeguards for progressive delivery, such as opinionated guardrails, automatic rollback based on key metrics, and guided rollout for product and SRE teams.
No concept of “smart” feature flags tied directly to metrics in a data warehouse, so you need to build your own experimentation/analytics stack.
Limited native experimentation capabilities, especially for organizations that need advanced statistical methods and governance.
As you scale, these limitations impact your ability to deploy code while tying feature flags to business or technical metrics.
If you’re looking for a Flagsmith alternative, we’ll walk you through seven platforms that could help you use feature flags for use cases beyond remote configuration.
What is Flagsmith?
Flagsmith is an open-source feature flag and remote configuration platform. It’s BSD-3-Clause licensed and bootstrapped, which means there’s no VC pressure shaping the roadmap.
The platform pairs two things engineers usually wire together themselves:
feature flags and remote configuration
. You can do the following:
Turn features on for a percentage of users
Target by attribute or segment
Ship multivariate variants
Schedule rollouts
Store arbitrary key-value pairs alongside your boolean flags
These help engineers use the platform for server-driven UI configuration and basic A/B testing without needing a separate config service.
You can deploy Flagsmith using its cloud-only model (SaaS or private cloud) or the self-hosted on-premises version, which is available only to Enterprise users. It’s a well-loved option, with
G2 users rating it 4.8/5
for its flagging features, ease of use, and friendly support.
The platform uses a volume-based model that depends on the number of API requests you make. The free tier covers 50,000 API requests per month with unlimited flags, while paid plans start at $45/month for the Start-Up plan and $300/month for the Scale-Up plan. There’s an Enterprise option with custom pricing.
It’s ideal for solo developers and mid-market engineering teams in regulated industries. But if you need it for use cases beyond basic feature flagging, you’ll need a different platform.
Why engineering teams look for Flagsmith alternatives
Flagsmith does feature flags and remote config well. The reasons
engineering teams
shop for alternatives almost always trace back to what Flagsmith intentionally doesn’t do. Here are a few reasons why:
No advanced feature flagging capabilities:
Flagsmith doesn’t offer advanced flagging features like automated rollbacks or guardrail metrics monitoring that monitors the behavior of the feature in real time and automatically rolls the feature back if something goes wrong.
No automated rollouts:
It doesn’t support automated rollouts based on certain thresholds. So, you’ll have to rely on an external pipeline to automate this process using its “Scheduled Flags” feature.
Fragmented analytics stack:
In the same vein, your experiment data isn’t stored in your data warehouse. Everything related to your flags lives in Flagsmith, while the analytics data lives somewhere else. As a result, reproducibility depends on the integrations that sit between these tools. At the moment, Flagsmith doesn’t offer out-of-the-box integrations with warehouses like Snowflake or BigQuery, which can create issues while analyzing experiment data.
No AI-native flag workflows:
Flagsmith doesn’t ship explicit patterns for controlling AI features through feature flags. If you're versioning prompts, swapping models, or adjusting chatbot UX in production, you end up wiring it together yourself. Plus, it offers limited AI support via its MCP and doesn’t offer “skills” out of the box.
Request-based pricing scales unpredictably:
Flagsmith charges by API request volume rather than per seat. Pricing is free for 50,000 requests per month and steps up to 1M on the $45 Start-Up plan. But any overage can cost $7 per additional 100,000 requests. If you have a high-traffic website or tend to run more experiments or API requests, it can compound
quickly
.
Lack of decisioning workflows:
Flagsmith doesn’t connect rollout to result. You can split users into variants, but the platform has no way to iterate on metrics mid-experiment or backfill them when the goal definition shifts. Also, any collision detection between overlapping experiments has to live elsewhere.
Requires patchwork to get value:
If you want to understand how your deployments affect actual business metrics, you’ll spend time and effort engineering it. Many users say that using the platform is easy, but getting value beyond mere feature flagging is a task. You need to use Webhooks to make it fit into your workflows and expand its functionality.
No built-in statistical engine:
Flagsmith handles bucketing (splitting users into variants), but the actual analysis happens somewhere else. The platform doesn’t ship a results UI, and statistical methods like CUPED variance reduction or sequential testing live entirely in your analytics stack. If you want to know whether a feature actually moved a metric, you have to wire up an analytics partner like Amplitude or Mixpanel to do the math – or choose a feature flagging platform that has built-in
product analytics
.
Limited integration capabilities:
As of May 2026, the platform has only 16 native integrations with tools such as Terraform, Dynatrace, Jira, and GitHub. Anything else needs to be integrated using Webhooks. But many users point out that the lack of important
integrations, such as Vercel
, limits its use. Also, platforms like
Jira don’t have a native integration
if you use the on-premise version.
What to look for in a Flagsmith alternative
Before you start comparing platforms, decide what actually matters to you. In our experience, here are a few factors that matter for engineering teams:
Open source availability and license:
MIT, Apache 2.0, or BSD-3? The license shapes what you can do with the code, as it decides how you can deploy and redistribute the code.
Viability of self-hosting:
Does the
self-hosted version
have the same capabilities and integrations as the cloud version? If not, you might miss out on key features for the sake of compliance.
Predictable pricing:
While most feature flagging tools charge based on the number of events, choose a platform that has a base charge for a defined number of events. It makes your monthly bill more predictable, especially if you have a steady traffic rate and predictable usage. You could also look at seat-based pricing as it scales with your team’s size.
Governance and change management:
The more teams that can flip a flag, the more governance you need. Look for features such as approval workflows, audit logs, role-based access control (RBAC), scheduling workflows, etc. Many platforms gate these behind enterprise features, so cross-check before signing up.
SDK coverage and developer experience:
Choose a platform with
SDKs for every language in your stack
, as it’ll save your team from having to build wrappers or run services to bridge gaps. Also, evaluate the initialization workflow. Some SDKs require a network call on every evaluation, which adds latency to every request your application serves. Others evaluate locally from a cached payload and avoid your hot path entirely.
Warehouse-native analytics:
If your data already lives in a warehouse such as Snowflake or BigQuery, a
warehouse-native platform
can query your data directly. This means all of your feature flagging metrics can live in the same data warehouse you’re already using. It’ll keep your metrics consistent and prevent duplication across your analytics pipeline.
AI application control:
Does the platform let you use flags to manage AI features without a redeploy where you can swap models or adjust app behavior at runtime? If your team ships AI-powered features, you should be able to act on any regression almost immediately.
Data sovereignty and compliance:
Some industries require user data and experiment assignment data to never leave your infrastructure. If you’re in
fintech
or
healthtech
, look for full self-hosting, compliance certifications your regulators require, and clear data residency provisions.
Built-in experimentation
and statistical analysis:
Does the platform compute results internally with methods like Bayesian inference, frequentist testing,
CUPED
, and sequential analysis, or does it require external analytics for results? If not, you’ll have to add a few more tools to analyze the results.
Acquisition and roadmap stability:
Because feature flag SDKs are in every service in your codebase, migration becomes a painful process. If another company acquires your platform, the roadmap can shift, and the actual flagging product could fall by the wayside.
Best alternatives to Flagsmith for feature flagging
Each platform below gets a deep dive into what it does, how it stacks up against Flagsmith, and where it earns a spot on your shortlist.
Here’s a quick overview of the 7 best seven best alternatives to Flagsmith for feature flagging.
Feature
GrowthBook
LaunchDarkly
Statsig
PostHog
Unleash
Split (by Harness)
Eppo (Datadog)
Open-source
✅ MIT
❌
❌
⚠️ Partially
✅ Apache 2.0
❌
❌
Self-hosted
✅ Full-featured
❌ (Relay Proxy only)
❌
⚠️ Limited
✅ Full-featured
❌
❌
Smart feature flags
✅ Warehouse-connected guardrails
✅ Guarded Releases
✅ Bundled flag intelligence
⚠️ Basic
✅ Advanced targeting
✅ Metric-aware monitoring
⚠️ Experiment gates only
Guardrails and auto-rollback
✅
✅
⚠️ Limited
❌
⚠️ Impact Metrics (beta)
✅
❌
AI-native features (MCP)
✅
✅
✅
✅
✅
✅
❌
AI application control
✅
✅
⚠️ Limited
⚠️ Limited
⚠️ Via SDK only
⚠️ Via SDK only
❌
Built-in experimentation
✅ Warehouse-native
✅ (Paid add-on)
✅ Warehouse-native
✅ Basic
❌
✅ Warehouse-native
✅ Warehouse-native
Pricing model
Per seat (moving to per-event soon)
Per service connection + MAU
Per event
Per event
Per seat
Custom
Custom
Best for
Teams wanting open-source flags + experimentation
Enterprise teams needing max reliability
Teams optimizing for flags + analytics in one tool
Product teams wanting flags + web/LLM/product analytics + session replay
Privacy-first, governance-focused teams
Teams on Harness CI/CD or focused on CI/CD automation
Data-mature teams on Datadog
1. GrowthBook
GrowthBook is an
open-source feature flagging
and
experimentation platform
that
connects directly to your data warehouse
. You can think of GrowthBook as two products inside one MIT-licensed codebase: a fast feature flag platform with
24 SDKs
and sub-millisecond local evaluation, and a production-grade experimentation engine that runs against the warehouse you already use.
Both halves share the same flag and the same warehouse-defined metric, so you never need to reconcile data between systems. We believe that your application should never depend on GrowthBook being available. Flags evaluate from a locally cached payload, so if GrowthBook’s cloud goes down, your app keeps shipping the right experience.
That’s why teams like
Dropbox
(3 billion+ daily flag evaluations on self-hosted GrowthBook),
Khan Academy
, Sony, Pepsi, Wikipedia, Mistral, and Upstart run GrowthBook in production
at scale
.
As
one G2 reviewer
put it:
“
What I like best about GrowthBook is that it gives teams a practical way to manage feature flags and experiments without making the workflow overly heavy. The interface is generally clear, and it is useful to have experimentation, rollout control, and analysis connected in the same environment. That makes it easier to move from idea to test to decision with more structure and less back-and-forth between teams. I also appreciate the flexibility on the integration side, because it can fit into an existing data stack rather than forcing a completely closed setup. From an ROI perspective, that matters a lot, since it allows teams to get value from experimentation and progressive delivery without necessarily committing to a much larger platform than they need.”
Source
GrowthBook’s key features
Here’s how GrowthBook’s capabilities stack up:
GrowthBook's features
Feature flags (including AI-native flags)
Boolean, string, numeric, and JSON
feature flag
values with multi-environment management.
Targeting by attribute
, device, geography, or custom properties; saved groups for reusable segments—gradual rollouts from 10% to 100% with deterministic hashing. AI-native capabilities include ramp schedules for model and prompt deployments,
stale feature detection
, Feature Evaluation Diagnostics for rule-by-rule traces, and approval flows that work whether a human or an agent makes the change.
Open source and standards
MIT license. OpenFeature-compatible (CNCF standard) with official providers for Java, Python, Go, .NET, JavaScript, and the Vercel Flags SDK.
License and deployment
MIT-licensed open source. Three deployment options: GrowthBook Cloud, fully self-hosted (Docker / Kubernetes), and Cloud with Managed Warehouse. Same codebase across all three.
SDKs and performance
24 SDKs across server-side, frontend, mobile, and edge runtimes. JavaScript SDK ships at 13.6kb gzipped. SDKs evaluate locally from a cached payload, so you get sub-millisecond performance with zero network calls per check.
Statistical engine
Bayesian and frequentist analyses,
sequential testing
with always-valid confidence intervals, CUPED variance reduction (cuts experiment runtime by 20–50%), sample-ratio mismatch detection, post-stratification, and multi-armed bandits. Open source and inspectable on GitHub.
Data warehouse support
Direct connection to Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift, ClickHouse, Databricks, Athena, Postgres, MySQL, MS SQL, Presto/Trino, and Vertica.
Safe rollouts and governance
Staged rollouts
from 10% to 100% with sequential guardrails pulled from your warehouse. If a rollout degrades revenue or error rates, the platform surfaces warnings and can auto-rollback. Enterprise adds approval workflows, ramp schedules, and prerequisite flags.
MCP server
MCP server
for Cursor, Claude Code, and Codex. AI Data Analyst for natural-language metric exploration.
AI skills
Access over 19
pre-built skills
for creating feature flags, targeting rules, rollout plans, and flag clean-up.
APIs
Over 250 REST API endpoints so that AI coding tools can use the CLI to do almost everything a human can do through the GrowthBook UI, including creating feature flags, roll-out schedules, and feature flag clean-up.
Advanced governance
Role-based access control, full audit logs on every flag and experiment change, and configurable approval workflows requiring one or more reviewers before changes go live. Enterprise adds prerequisite flags, code references for stale flag cleanup, custom validation hooks, and granular approval gates for production environments.
Security and compliance
SOC 2 Type II and ISO 27001 certified. Compliant with GDPR, COPPA, and CCPA, with HIPAA BAA available for Enterprise customers. Self-hosted Enterprise deployments can satisfy HIPAA requirements inside your own certified infrastructure. Warehouse-native architecture means no end-user PII ever leaves your environment during flag evaluation.
Migration tools
Built-in importers for
LaunchDarkly
and
Statsig
pull projects, environments, flags, targeting rules, rollouts, and prerequisite flags directly through the dashboard.
Pricing
Cloud Starter is free (3 users, 3 environments, 1M CDN req/mo). The paid plans include the Pro plan at
$40/user/month for up to 50 users
, and the Enterprise plan (custom quote). Self-hosted OSS is free with no traffic cap. It'll soon move to an event-based pricing with a free tier for unlimited flags and up to 2M events. Paid plans will start at $150 per month for up to 5M events.
Reviews
G2: 4.6/5
across 26 reviews. 7,000+
GitHub
stars. 100B+ daily flag evaluations across the customer base.
Pros of GrowthBook
Rich control over feature flag creation, deployment, and clean-up right from your AI coding tool of choice.
Create feature flags that give users full control over AI-powered apps, including chatbots and advisors. You can manage models, prompts and the user experience all without redeploying code.
Smart feature flags, ramped rollouts, and auto-rollbacks all based on any metric stored in your data warehouse. Tie feature flags to any business or observability metric so that you can ship AI-coded features quickly and safely.
You get flags and experimentation on a single platform, so you don’t have to reconcile data across multiple vendors. And you can also
load experimental data
from another platform into GrowthBook to run more advanced tests.
The platform is very easy to use and implement, irrespective of whether you’re a technical or non-technical user.
You can see the
SQL queries under the hood
, so to speak, so if you need to audit the platform, it’s not an issue. You can also audit the stats engine on GitHub when your data team wants to verify the math.
Your pricing scales with team size, not traffic, so that you can run unlimited experiments without renewal surprises.
The platform is known for its
strong customer support
that is responsive and technically adept at solving complex problems.
Drawbacks of GrowthBook
You’ll get the most out of the experimentation features if you already have a data warehouse. GrowthBook Cloud now offers a Managed Warehouse, but self-hosters still need to set one up if they don’t have one.
You’ll need some onboarding time to learn some of the advanced feature flag capabilities, for example, if you’re new to JSON payloads or advanced targeting.
You’ll need an Enterprise license for SSO/SAML, SCIM, holdout experiments, and cross-experiment insights, though the core flagging and experimentation capabilities stay free in the OSS edition.
How GrowthBook compares to Flagsmith
Both platforms are open source, support self-hosting, and offer a strong developer experience. But the difference shows up after the flag goes live:
GrowthBook wins
for engineering and data teams that need
strong feature flagging
, statistically rigorous
A/B testing
, and compliance.
Flagsmith wins
for teams whose primary use case is remote configuration, or who want native integrations with Amplitude, Segment, and Mixpanel.
Who is GrowthBook best for?
Engineering
and
data science
teams at growth-stage or enterprise companies who already have a data warehouse and want flag management plus real experimentation in one open-source platform. Or smaller engineering teams/solo developers who are looking for a robust feature flagging platform for simpler use cases like decoupling deployments from releases.
It’s also a very strong option for companies in regulated industries like
fintech
,
healthtech
,
edtech
, and
AI software
, where data sovereignty is non-negotiable.
2. LaunchDarkly
LaunchDarkly
is the category-defining enterprise feature management platform and an incumbent in the space. It was founded in 2014, but as of May 2026, its primary focus is “runtime control for AI-era software.” So now the platform is built around feature flags, Guarded Releases, experimentation add-ons, and AI Configuration management for fine-tuning models.
Source
If your evaluation criteria require support for specialty platforms like Apex, Erlang, and Haskell or enterprise governance depth, LaunchDarkly is usually the safest default. The platform holds a
G2 Score of 99
and a
4.5/5 rating across 700+ G2 reviews
. However, its two recent acquisitions have completely reshaped the product. In February 2025,
Houseware
added warehouse-native analytics, and in April 2025,
Highlight
added observability with session replay.
The ultimate tradeoff for engineering teams is a lack of transparency and
ballooning costs
. Also, LaunchDarkly is a SaaS-only product, priced on a hybrid model that scales only with service connections and monthly active users—making it viable only for enterprises.
LaunchDarkly key features
Here’s a list of features LaunchDarkly offers:
LaunchDarkly's features
Feature flags
Feature flagging for advanced targeting, segmentation, release management, and more. Offers Boolean and multivariate flags, along with a dashboard for multienvironment tracking.
Statistical engine
Bayesian and frequentist methods, CUPED variance reduction, sequential testing, SRM detection, and multi-armed bandits. Sold as a paid add-on at $3 per 1,000 client-side MAUs on Foundation, or bundled into Enterprise.
License and deployment
Proprietary SaaS only. No self-hosted or on-prem option, which is a blocker in regulated industries that need full data residency.
SDKs and performance
25+ idiomatic SDKs covering server-side, client-side, edge (Cloudflare, Vercel, Akamai), mobile, and AI-specific runtimes. Real-time flag propagation in seconds.
Warehouse support
Warehouse-native experimentation following the Houseware acquisition, but currently limited to Snowflake. Requires high-level Snowflake account permissions to set up.
Safe rollouts and governance
Guarded Releases automate progressive rollouts with real-time monitoring and instant rollback. Enterprise adds change windows, advanced approval workflows, full audit logs, and custom roles.
AI agent support
AI Configurations let you tune models and prompts at runtime without redeployments. Strong fit if you're shipping AI features and want runtime control over model selection and prompt versions.
Pricing
The "Developer" plan is free (3 environments, 5 service connections, 1K contexts/mo). There are three paid tiers: Foundation starts at $12/mo per service connection + $10 per 1K client-side MAUs + add-ons. The Enterprise and Guardian plans are priced custom.
Reviews
G2: 4.5/5
across 700+ reviews.
TrustRadius: 7.7/10
across 54 reviews.
Capterra: 4.7/5 ease of use
.
Pros of LaunchDarkly
The platform is known for its robust
feature management
and for decoupling deployments from releases, which remains one of its biggest use cases.
Many users praise the ease of use, and, specifically for feature flagging, the setup is easy. However, it has several other features and the navigation can get complicated at first.
Flag propagation across SDKs is near real-time, with changes reaching every environment in seconds.
It also offers granular targeting and segmentation, as well as robust analytics that let you see how a
flag evaluates
in each environment.
Drawbacks of LaunchDarkly
The biggest complaint is about pricing, as it scales based on the number of service connections
and
monthly active users. In fact, some users have reported that
contract costs almost doubled
at renewal, making the process very opaque.
When you create a new flag, you always have to
name the true/false values
to avoid switching it on for everybody. Without governance in place, this could result in incidents.
There’s no self-hosted or on-prem option, which is a non-starter if you’re in a regulated industry with strict data residency requirements.
Experimentation is a paid add-on
at $3 per 1,000 MAUs, in addition to the actual pricing tier’s cost. If your primary use case is experimentation, it can get expensive quickly.
How LaunchDarkly compares to Flagsmith
Both platforms offer enterprise-grade feature flag management but ultimately target different market segments. While LaunchDarkly leads in depth and is focused on enterprise companies, Flagsmith focuses solely on feature flagging and caters to solo developers or mid-market companies.
LaunchDarkly wins
for large enterprises that will use every governance feature and have the budget to absorb annual contracts of $50,000–$200,000.
Flagsmith wins
for teams that need deployment flexibility, predictable per-seat economics, or compliance constraints that make self-hosting non-negotiable.
Who is LaunchDarkly best for?
Large enterprises and Fortune 500 engineering organizations that need the deepest governance, the widest SDK breadth, and the most mature flag management UX in the category. It’s particularly strong if you’re shipping AI features and want runtime model control via AI Configurations.
3. Statsig
Statsig
is an experimentation-first platform that bundles feature flags, A/B testing, product analytics, and session replay into a single product. It was established in 2021 by Vijaye Raji (formerly an engineer at Facebook) and quickly grew on the strength of warehouse-native experimentation and a free tier with unlimited feature flags.
Source
All said and done, the product has gone through massive changes in the past few months. In September 2025,
OpenAI acquired Statsig
for $1.1B, and founder Vijaye Raji became CTO of Applications at OpenAI. Then, in May 2026,
Amplitude announced a partnership
to take over the Statsig brand, customers, code, and roadmap. The original engineering team stayed at OpenAI. In fact, even
industry coverage is negative
, with some publications referring to the partnership as “the code without the talent.”
Statsig key features
Here's how Statsig’s capabilities stack up:
Statsig's features
Feature flags
Feature flagging for smarter releases and includes automated release management workflows. Flag analytics are built in to monitor exposure events in real time.
License and deployment
Proprietary, cloud only. Some open-source SDKs, but the core platform and stats engine are closed source. The warehouse-native mode keeps your data in the warehouse, while the control plane stays in the Statsig cloud.
SDKs and performance
30+ SDKs across server-side (Java, Kotlin, Node, Python, Ruby, Go, .NET, PHP), client-side (JavaScript, React, iOS, Android, Dart, Flutter), and edge environments.
Statistical engine
Bayesian and frequentist methods, CUPED variance reduction, sequential testing, SRM detection, holdouts, layers, and contextual bandits. Included on all paid plans.
Warehouse support
Warehouse-native architecture supports Snowflake, BigQuery, Databricks, Redshift, and Athena. Its compute runs in your warehouse, but the control plane stays in the Statsig cloud. It's only available in the Enterprise plan.
Product analytics and replay
Bundled product analytics (events, funnels, retention, cohorts), session replay (50K sessions/mo free), and surveys all in one platform.
Industry focus
Gaming, B2B SaaS, Ecommerce
Pricing
Free Developer tier (2M events/mo, unlimited flag checks, 50K session replays). Two paid tiers: Pro at $150/mo base + $0.05 per 1K events over 5M, and Enterprise is priced on a custom basis.
Reviews
G2: 4.7/5
across 347 reviews.
Pros of Statsig
Statsig offers unlimited free feature flags across all usage levels, charging only for analytics events.
The statistical engine is included on every paid plan and offers advanced experimentation capabilities such as CUPED variance reduction, sequential testing, contextual bandits, and SRM detection.
Since it was built mainly for experimentation, the analysis module is quite robust. For example, you can
define custom user dimensions
for each exposure, making it easier to analyze behavior.
Drawbacks of Statsig
Statsig is in a mid-acquisition transition, with the brand and customers moving to Amplitude while the engineering team stays at OpenAI. The product’s stability and roadmap are still a question mark. There’s no fully self-hosted option even though it offers a warehouse-native version to keep your data in the warehouse.
The platform has a
steep learning curve
, especially if you have non-technical teams using it for everyday analysis.
Backfilling metrics mid-experiment
requires workarounds
, which limit flexibility when goal definitions shift.
Many customers report that Statsig SDKs automatically capture a wide range of metrics that can dramatically increase the Statsig subscription fees as the company charges per event.
Some customers have complained about the lack of flexibility around feature flags, especially if they’ve already created the feature flag and then want to tie it to an experiment.
How Statsig compares to Flagsmith
Even though both these platforms offer feature flags, the use cases are different:
Statsig wins
for teams that want flags and experimentation in one product. At this point, only existing Amplitude customers are likely to take on the risk associated with a product that has no engineers. Given the Amplitude acquisition, customers should expect that Statsig product analytics, and session replay features will be discontinued in favor of equivalent features with Amplitude.
Flagsmith wins
for teams that need open-source self-hosting, transparent pricing, and an independent roadmap.
Who is Statsig best for?
Teams that want a unified cloud platform spanning feature flags and experimentation. Customers should assume that product analytics and session replay will be phased out, in favor of the equivalent Amplitude features. Only existing Amplitude customers are likely to consider Statsig at this time, and even they should proceed with caution.
4. PostHog
PostHog
is an open-source, all-in-one developer platform that bundles product analytics, feature flags, session replay, A/B testing, surveys, error tracking, and an AI assistant into one MIT-licensed product. It was founded in 2020 by James Hawkins and Tim Glaser and now serves 190,000+ customers.
The platform’s main pitch is that they make dev tools for product engineers. Since it offers a multi-product suite, feature flags are
not
the platform’s core focus.
Source
PostHog key features
Here’s how PostHog’s capabilities stack up:
PostHog's features
Feature flags
Offers Boolean and multivariate flags and lets you customize your rollout strategy by user or group properties, cohort, or traffic percentage. Also lets you bootstrap flags on initialization, so all flags are available immediately on page load.
Experimentation
Run experiments even on qualitative data, such as session recordings. Supports A/A testing, A/B testing, A/B/N testing, holdout testing, fake door testing, and redirect testing.
License and deployment
MIT-licensed core with a proprietary ee/ directory for enterprise features. Three options: PostHog Cloud, self-hosted Docker Compose (recommended only up to ~300K events/month), or the posthog-foss build for teams that want zero proprietary code.
SDKs and performance
Coverage across JavaScript, React, Node, Python, Ruby, Go, PHP, Java, iOS, Android, and Flutter. Autocapture is available for browser-based products. Performance can degrade on large datasets.
AI observability
Monitor AI products by inspecting latency, traces, spans, usage, and per-user costs.
Product analytics and session replay
Native product analytics with autocapture, session replay, web analytics, error tracking, surveys, and CDP.
PostHog AI and MCP server
Use PostHog AI (Max), a natural-language assistant to debug code and answer analytics questions. The MCP server lets you connect PostHog with tools like Claude Code and Cursor and run actions through them.
Pricing
Generous free tier covering 1M events, 1M flag requests, and 5K session recordings monthly. Offers pay-as-you-go pricing per event, starting at $0.000100/request for feature flags (after 1 million requests). Startup program offers up to $50K in credits per year.
Reviews
G2: 4.5/5
across 1,048 reviews.
Pros of PostHog
PostHog has the most generous free tier in the category, covering 1M analytics events and 1M flag requests per month with no credit card required.
Many users
praise its analytics suite
, which covers modules such as product analytics, web analytics, LLM analytics, revenue analytics, and group analytics.
The user interface is also
easy to navigate
—making it a good fit for early-stage and non-technical users.
Drawbacks of PostHog
PostHog is generally not considered a good fit for mid-sized or large companies. The product has generally not been built with larger enterprises in mind.
Feature flags are not a primary offering for the company, so it is only a fit for more lightweight use cases
The experimentation engine doesn’t include advanced methods like CUPED variance reduction or sequential testing. It’s only meant for basic experimentation.
The
self-hosted edition is only recommended for ~300K events/month
; at production scale, PostHog steers you to their cloud product.
It’s comparatively more complicated to self-host the software because its production deployments require ClickHouse, Kafka, Postgres, Redis, and multiple application services.
Some users report that the setup can be tricky initially because there are many features. It needs better onboarding, and some teams
even took months
to implement it.
How PostHog compares to Flagsmith
The key difference between the two platforms is the product focus and market segment:
PostHog wins
for early-stage and YC-style teams that want analytics, flags, and replay in a single product, with a generous free tier.
Flagsmith wins
for teams that want a focused flag platform with enterprise-flag governance and the option to self-host at scale.
Who is PostHog best for?
Early-stage product engineering teams and YC-style startups that want analytics, feature flags, session replay, and surveys in one cloud product with a generous free tier. Particularly strong if you're building consumer-facing software where event-based pricing works in your favor.
5. Unleash
Unleash
is one of the largest open-source feature management platforms in the category, primarily focused only on enterprises. Founded in Oslo, Norway, Unleash is trusted in production by enterprises like Visa and Samsung. The core platform is Apache 2.0 licensed and self-hostable at production scale on Docker or Kubernetes.
At the moment, its positioning leans into “FeatureOps,” which is basically the ability to manage feature flag changes as formal change events. But it’s more so for teams shipping AI-generated code these days.
Source
Unleash key features
Here's a list of capabilities Unleash offers:
Unleash's features
Feature flags
Boolean toggles, multivariate variants, percentage rollouts, and kill switches are core flag types. Custom activation strategies, context-aware dynamic targeting, scheduled changes, flag dependencies, and project + environment isolation.
Unleash Enterprise Edge
Rust-based edge evaluation proxy that handles high-throughput flag evaluation at scale. The OSS Edge tier is sunsetting on December 31, 2026, so self-hosters running production-scale workloads will need to move to Enterprise Edge after that date.
License and deployment
Apache 2.0 open source. Self-hostable at production scale via Docker or Kubernetes. SaaS, private cloud, on-prem, and air-gapped deployments are supported.
SDKs and performance
17 official server-side SDKs plus 15+ community SDKs. Unleash Edge (Rust-based proxy) handles high-throughput evaluation at scale.
Analytics
No built-in statistical engine. Flag variants and impression data are supported, but actual analysis happens in your external analytics tool.
Safe rollouts and governance
Built for enterprise governance. Includes change request approvals with 4-eyes review, granular RBAC, full audit logs, scheduled changes, flag dependencies, and lifecycle management.
MCP server
MCP server integrates with Claude Code, Cursor, and Windsurf, letting developers manage flags from within their IDE. Impact Metrics (beta) feeds real-time production signals into rollout decisions.
Compliance
SOC 2 Type II certified. Supports FedRAMP and air-gapped deployments.
Pricing
Open source is free under Apache 2.0 (self-hosted). The pay-as-you-go plan is $75/month with a 5-seat minimum on hosted cloud. The Enterprise plan is custom and includes advanced governance features like RBAC and approval workflows.
Reviews
G2: 4.7/5
across 123 reviews.
Pros of Unleash
It uses an API-first approach and also lets you
automate provisioning
and configuration, which is ideal for complex microservice architectures.
Enterprise governance is a strength, with change request approvals, granular RBAC, full audit logs, and FedRAMP-ready infrastructure all available.
From a setup perspective, many users compliment how easy it is to set up and navigate if they have to integrate with other platforms.
Many users also say that the
customer support is excellent
, with no push to upgrade to paid plans constantly.
Drawbacks of Unleash
Per-seat pricing on the managed tiers is among the highest in the OSS segment. And there’s no viewer-only seat option for read-only users, so that the
costs can scale
quickly.
You
can’t create multiple projects
to manage feature flags in the open source version. As you scale, it could be a huge bottleneck for flag management.
There’s
no built-in experimentation analysis
. Your flag variants are supported, but the actual statistical analysis requires an external tool.
Some users report that self-hosting multiple instances tends to
add operational overhead
as their architecture scales and matures. It might not be the best option for growing teams.
How Unleash compares to Flagsmith
Both Unleash and Flagsmith are open-source feature flag platforms with strong self-host options. But it comes down to what you need to prioritize:
Unleash wins
for enterprise platform teams that need to self-host with strong open-source governance and FedRAMP-ready compliance.
Flagsmith wins
for teams that need real-time flag updates, identity-aware targeting, or remote configuration as a primary use case.
Who is Unleash best for?
Enterprise platform engineering teams in regulated industries that need self-hosting at production scale, plus mature governance. For example, change request approvals, audit logs, air-gapped deployments, and FedRAMP-ready infrastructure.
6. Split (by Harness)
Split
is now Harness Feature Management & Experimentation (FME) as a result of Harness’s
June 2024 acquisition of Split Software
. Split was founded in 2015 and built its reputation around a statistically rigorous feature management platform. Now, it’s a part of the broader Harness CI/CD platform and is just one part of a multiproduct platform.
Source
Split (by Harness) key features
Here’s how Harness FME’s capabilities work:
Split (Harness FME) features
Feature management
Boolean toggles, multivariate variants, configuration flags, and percentage rollouts are core flag types. Coupled with cloud-based and warehouse-native experimentation and observability for feature rollouts.
Continuous delivery and GitOps
Native integration with the Harness CI/CD pipeline and GitOps engine. Feature flag rollouts can be tied directly to deployment events, allowing you to coordinate flag changes with release pipelines across services and environments.
AI SRE
AI-driven service reliability capabilities link feature management to incident response. When a flag rollout correlates with degraded service health, AI SRE surfaces the connection so your team can investigate and roll back.
License and deployment
Proprietary, cloud only. No self-hosted or on-prem option. Operates inside the broader Harness Cloud platform alongside CI/CD, Chaos Engineering, Continuous Verification, and Cloud Cost Management.
SDKs and performance
15+ SDKs covering server-side (Java, .NET, Node, Python, Ruby, Go, PHP, Elixir) and client-side (JavaScript, React, React Native, Angular, Redux, iOS, Android, Flutter). Real-time streaming with sub-second flag evaluation. Evaluator service available for unsupported languages.
Experimentation
Offers automated metric impact analysis, sequential testing with multiple-testing corrections, multi-metric experiments, holdouts, and a patented attribution engine. Available on all plans.
Warehouse support
Warehouse-native experimentation was added under Harness in 2026. Assignment and metric data can run inside the customer's data warehouse.
Safe rollouts and governance
Progressive delivery (1% to 100%), automated rollout monitoring, change history, audit trails, approval workflows, RBAC, and feature flag archiving (added 2026).
Harness AI
Powered by AIDA, the AI layer that runs across the Harness Platform. AIDA assists with feature flag creation, rollout decisions, experimentation analysis, and stale flag detection. It also integrates with other AI agents through its MCP.
Pricing
Contact their team for pricing.
Reviews
G2: 4.6/5
across 281 reviews and
4.6/5 on Gartner Peer Insights
(147 reviews).
Pros of Split (by Harness)
Since Harness is known for its CI/CD capabilities, most users recommend it for that purpose, especially because of its AI-based features.
It uses real-time streaming and delivers sub-second flag evaluation, which matters for live experiments and progressive rollouts on consumer traffic.
Drawbacks of Split (by Harness)
Some users describe it as a “jack of all trades” because of its recent acquisition, which means some features are simply
not mature enough
for the price tag.
There’s no self-hosted or on-prem option, so if you’re in a regulated industry, it could pose a compliance risk.
They don’t publish pricing on the website, and it can get very complicated and expensive because each product module has its own restraints and pricing tiers.
Users report that the product can be quite unstable and that internal transitions can even slow down their implementation process.
Some users find the customer support less responsive compared to other platforms they use.
How Split compares to Flagsmith
Now, both these platforms compete in the enterprise feature management space, but it comes down to the depth and breadth of features they offer:
Split wins
for enterprises already on Harness CI/CD who want “good enough” feature flags, and experimentation, bundled with observability in one DevOps platform.
Flagsmith wins
for teams that need self-host, predictable per-seat pricing, or independence from a CI/CD vendor’s roadmap.
Who is Split by Harness best for?
Split is best for enterprise engineering organizations that are already running on Harness CI/CD and want feature management and experimentation natively integrated with their existing deployment pipeline. If you can live without experimentation capabilities like sequential testing and attribution modeling, Harness could be a good fit.
7. Eppo
‍
Datadog Experiments (formerly Eppo)
following Datadog’s May 2025 acquisition. Eppo launched out of stealth in 2022 and raised $47.5M before Datadog acquired it for a
reported $220 million in May 2025
. The original version of the product was designed for data science teams that use SQL-first metric definitions and need warehouse-native experiment analysis.
But since the acquisition, Eppo has been integrated into Datadog’s Product Analytics, RUM, Session Replay, and broader observability suite.
Source
Datadog Experiments key features
Here’s a list of features Eppo offers:
Eppo's features
Feature flags and config flags
Resilient feature flags for A/B tests, feature gates, controlled rollouts, kill switches, and dynamic no-code configuration. It uses five typed assignment methods across SDKs (string, boolean, integer, numeric, JSON). Designed as experiment gates rather than a full standalone flag platform. But it lacks advanced targeting, lifecycle management, and sophisticated rollout strategies compared to dedicated flag platforms.
Product, web, lifecycle experimentation
Multiple experimentation modalities: in-app product changes, server-side web experiments, lifecycle marketing campaigns such as email and push, and Geolift for geographic incrementality testing of marketing spend. Each modality runs against the same warehouse-native metric layer for consistent analysis.
Warehouse support
Native support for Snowflake, BigQuery, Databricks, Redshift, and Athena. Experiment analysis runs directly inside your warehouse using existing metrics.
License and deployment
Proprietary, cloud only. No self-hosted or on-prem option. Warehouse-native architecture runs an experiment within your warehouse, while the control plane lives in the Eppo cloud.
SDKs and performance
12 SDKs for JavaScript, Node, Python, Rust, Java, React Native, iOS, Android, and Flutter (incoming). "Initialize once, evaluate anywhere" with offline mode and JSON-config export.
AI personalization
Contextual bandits automatically optimize user experiences in real time based on user context, instead of running a fixed-allocation A/B test. Particularly useful for model selection, prompt comparison, response ranking, and feature ordering — any case where you want continuous learning rather than a one-shot test.
Pricing
No free tier and no free trial. Custom pricing only; median annual contract reported at ~$45,000 (range $15,000–$90,000). Feature flags and additional seats are charged separately.
Reviews
G2: 4.7/5
across 41 reviews.
Pros of Datadog Experiments
You can run various experiments, and the platform offers advanced capabilities, such as contextual bandits and geographic incrementality testing (Geolift).
The platform’s customer support is known for being
very responsive
and for incorporating feedback into its roadmap.
The user interface is easy to navigate, even when you’re setting up complex experiments. The same applies to the results dashboard, too.
Drawbacks of Datadog Experiments
Feature flag management is a small part of the Datadog Experiments platform, which is why it lacks advanced flag governance features like lifecycle management.
Pricing is opaque because it has no free tier or free trial, and the median annual contract sits
around $45,000
.
You
can’t group experiments
by user properties or product type, which is a basic experimentation feature.
It’s warehouse-native, so it
makes assumptions
about underlying data models in your warehouse. You have to adjust things to make sure you get the right results.
The platform is designed for dedicated data teams, so it can
create bottlenecks
when engineers or product managers want to run experiments independently.
How Datadog Experiments compares to Flagsmith
Both platforms include feature flags, but they have different priorities altogether:
Datadog Experiments wins
for product teams that want feature flagging and experimentation capabilities that can be easily connected with Datadog observability metrics. These customers should be willing to trade off integration with the Datadog observability stack in exchange for more robust feature flag management.
Flagsmith wins
for engineering teams that need a focused feature flag platform with self-hosting, predictable pricing, and an independent roadmap.
Who is Datadog Experiments best for?
Product teams at growth-stage and enterprise companies that are already Datadog customers. These customers should prefer tight integration with the Datadog observability stack over the more advanced feature flag management capabilities offered by other vendors.
Choose the right Flagsmith alternative based on your needs
All in all, Flagsmith hasn’t stopped being a strong feature flagging tool. If your team needs remote configuration and on-premise deployment, it’s still the right answer. But that’s where the buck stops. If you need more robust features or have different use cases for feature flagging, you can consider choosing any of the following platforms:
If you want strong feature flagging capabilities for AI-native development,
GrowthBook is the best choice. It’s open-source and has launched advanced feature flagging capabilities such as Ramp Schedules, automated stale flag cleanup, approval flows, AI MCP, and granular targeting capabilities. These features let you take full control of the traditional and AI-led development process—helping you ship features faster while reducing deployment risk.
If experimentation is the gap
,
GrowthBook
and Statsig are the strongest options. Although GrowthBook wins because it’s open-source, it offers warehouse-native experimentation from the get-go, and you can be sure you’re using a stable product with a clear roadmap.
If you need the deepest enterprise governance
, LaunchDarkly is the safest default because of its feature set, however GrowthBook is a close second coming in at about half the price of LaunchDarkly
If you’re already on Harness CI/CD or Datadog
, consider using Split (by Harness) or Datadog Experiments, as you’ll benefit from their ecosystems.
If you are a start-up and want analytics, flags, and replay in one cloud product
with a generous free tier, PostHog is a strong choice.
If you need a self-hosted platform with advanced governance for feature flagging,
Unleash and GrowthBook are strong options.
If you need an open-source feature flagging platform with built-in warehouse-native experimentation, give GrowthBook a shot.
You can spin up GrowthBook for free
or run the
self-hosted edition
on your own infrastructure.
‍
Feature Flags
Featured
Feature flags in AI-led development: how to ship fast without losing control
June 17, 2026
Topics
Feature Flags
Featured
Release
Feature Flags
Featured
Featured
true
Body
In the foreword to DORA's 2025 report, Gene Kim, founder of Tripwire, borrows a principle from control theory called the Nyquist stability criterion. Control theory studies how systems stay stable under change. One of its core principles, the criterion, says:
“A control system must operate at least twice as fast as the system it governs.”
AI has become the fastest coding system
software engineering
has ever built. Unfortunately, the control plane around it hasn’t caught up yet. And this gap is where things break.
For instance, a feature that works in testing may have completely different behavior due to changes in user input, slight differences in prompts, or even model changes. In fact, documented AI incidents
jumped by 55% year over year
in 2025, while the share of organizations rating their incident response as “Excellent” fell from 28% to 18%.
In 2026, development velocity is no longer the only bottleneck. A
feature flag
is one example of “Control”, and you can use it to close that gap.
How AI-led software development changes everything
DORA’s 2025 State of AI-assisted Software Development report found that
90% of developers
use AI at work. That’s not the most intriguing aspect anymore, though. It’s more about what AI usage is doing to the underlying system.
Whether you’re using Cursor, Claude Code, Codex, or Gemini, the answer’s the same. You’ll start noticing these changes:
The size of your change set grows:
AI generates a hundred lines of plausible code as easily as five. DORA’s research found that AI adoption correlates with larger changelists, which violates the small-batch principle that reliable delivery has rested on for years. As you merge more code, you’re influencing a larger surface area of code per release, and there are more places for things to go wrong. And when they do, the lead time to fix the problem has only gotten longer. In 2025, the DORA team tracked
how AI adoption affected key delivery metrics
. They found that most teams still measure lead time in days or weeks—and it’s because the bottleneck has moved from creating code to getting it safely into production.
Source
Authorship becomes a fuzzy problem:
AI doesn’t necessarily have the same expertise about blast radius as you do. They don’t know which service is fragile or which feature can’t go down during business hours in your biggest market. Its job is to follow instructions and produce output, and the judgment about whether that output is safe to release falls to someone downstream. You’re shipping more, which also makes it harder to track how the code was produced, which in turn makes it even harder to review and debug it.
Release surface increases over time:
Every time you change something in the prompt, it acts as a release because it can change how your product behaves. Most release tooling wasn’t built to track these kinds of changes, so you won’t always know in real time if something’s affecting how your product behaves.
How traditional release models break down with AI-led development
Here are a few ways in which the traditional model changes:
1. CI/CD assumes the change you merge is the change you ship
More engineering teams are adopting continuous integration and continuous delivery
(CI/CD) models
. CI/CD is an excellent way to reliably build and deploy software. However, when software teams build AI-powered applications, those applications can behave very differently in tests than in production. This is because LLMs are non-deterministic; the same prompt doesn’t always generate the same response. This is made even more complicated because each user will prompt the app with slightly different words and with different context. All of this means that testing and monitoring in the real world is even more important with AI-powered apps. Even after apps are deployed, their behavior can change as newer models are used. Many companies also report seeing a drift in performance, even when your team doesn’t change anything.
2. QA assumes reproducible test cases
Reproducibility is the foundation of regression testing. If you catch a bug, you write a test to reproduce it and keep testing it until it never comes back. But AI is more probabilistic than we’d like to admit. When you’re testing LLM or AI-powered features, the same user input can result in different outputs because it depends on the model state and context. A test that passes 10 times in staging could fail on the eleventh try because the model responded differently.
3. Staging can’t replicate production input distributions
In the same vein, because AI is probabilistic in nature, the results you see in your staging environment won’t always hold up in production. Real users can ask questions you didn’t think of, so if you haven’t truly tested
every
possible scenario, the edge cases can show up in production.
All of these issues point to the same problem: pre-release validation is now an open-loop control issue. You can test all you want, but you can’t control all the outputs. That’s why you need to add
observability and expermentation
to see how an AI feature behaves in production—and intervene as needed.
Runtime control is the answer, and feature flags are a way to enable that.
The role of feature flags in AI systems
Many engineering teams already use feature flags, especially when using a basic CI/CD setup.
However, with AI becoming more mainstream, you need to understand
what and how
you use feature flags when rolling out features.
The same property, AI, that makes that possible—generation at speed, with limited determinism—makes everything you ship riskier on the way out the door.
Feature flags give you more control to operate inside this tension.
Category
Without flags
With flags
Exposure
Every user gets the new AI feature simultaneously
Gradual rollout: internal → 1% → 5% → 25% → 100%
Rollback
Requires a redeploy through your CI/CD pipeline
Kill switch operates in seconds
Hallucinations
Propagate to your entire user base at once
Blast radius limited to a controlled cohort
Cost spikes
Token usage scales with traffic, so there's no prior notice
Exposure capped by cohort or geography until the unit economics check out
Comparison
Ship one variant, hope it's the right one
Side-by-side test of models, prompts, or agent configs against the same user base
Environment targeting
Staging-only is the only safe space, and staging doesn't reflect prod
Internal, beta, or geo-specific exposure for as long as needed
Without feature flags:
Quality issues hit users before you see them:
The Stack Overflow 2025 Developer Survey found that
66% of developers
say their biggest frustration with AI tools is output that’s "almost right, but not quite," and 45% report that debugging AI-generated code takes longer than writing it themselves. On the user-facing side, it’s the same. If you don’t have a way to limit who sees what and when, you’ll see a rise in incidents.
Hallucinations propagate to every user simultaneously:
Flags don’t reduce hallucination rates, but without them, your entire user base will see the incorrect output at the same time. You won’t be able to control the blast radius.
Replit’s 2025 incident
is one such example. Its AI agent deleted a live production database holding records for 1,206 executives during a code freeze. It ran unauthorized commands when it hit empty records, and because there was no kill switch in place, nobody could stop it.
Costs spike without warning:
AI token usage scales with traffic, and a small prompt change at 100% rollout can blow through your API spend overnight. The unplanned bill will impact your bottom line.
Rollback means a redeploy:
Every minute the broken feature is live is a minute of damage you can’t take back. Plus, the time-to-fix is gated by your CI/CD pipeline rather than by your ability to make a decision.
With feature flags:
Gradual rollouts with clear gates:
Traditional rollouts assume that exposing more users to a feature surfaces bugs of the same kind. But that only works for deterministic systems. In probabilistic settings, you can use gradual rollouts to increase exposure while monitoring performance at every gate. So, you can identify anomalies before they become full-scale issues and fix them. You can roll out AI features to internal users first, then a 1% beta cohort, then 5%, and then 25%. The best part is that you can set a threshold to pause rollout if something goes wrong.
Source
Kill switches or instant rollbacks:
When something breaks, the flag flips off, and the fallback path takes over. In those cases, your team has time to diagnose the problem instead of fighting a fire in real time.
Control costs for LLM usage:
If a feature is token-heavy, you cap exposure to specific cohorts or geographies until you’ve confirmed the unit economics work at scale. A prompt that costs $0.02 per call at 1% rollout tells you exactly what it’ll cost at 100% before you get there.
Environment-specific targeting:
You can test AI models or features in each environment: staging-only, testing-only, or production-only. It stays available for as long as you need it.
Regular testing of different models:
Previously, model selection was a one-time decision. But with runtime control, you’ll want to revisit it regularly to see which AI platform offers the best cost profile, latency characteristics, and quality. The model essentially becomes a configuration value.
Feature-gating AI-powered functionality:
Since the AI feature sits behind a flag, you can also toggle the non-AI fallback option within it. Let’s say a particular model isn’t performing as expected. You can create a fallback path that either switches models or reverts to a non-AI path.
Compare models, prompts, or agent configurations side by side:
Route traffic across variants, measure outcomes against the same user base, and let the data pick the winner. This is especially useful during model migrations—you don’t have to trust the provider’s benchmark when you can watch both models handle your real traffic.
4 examples of using feature flags in AI-led development
Here are a few ways you can use feature flags in your AI-native workflows:
1. A/B testing prompts
Prompt engineering is the most volatile surface in any AI product. Even minor changes in how you word the prompt make a huge difference. And you won’t know what it does until real users experience it.
In this case, you can wrap the prompt in a feature flag. Let half of your users experience the output of V1 while the other half experiences the output of V2. The experimentation layer should measure metrics such as response quality scores, time-to-completion, and downstream conversion rates. Iterate on the prompt based on data.
2. Migrate between models with gradual rollouts
Every little change can have a huge impact on how your app behaves. That’s why every model switch is essentially a release.
To avoid any mishaps, wrap the model choices in a flag and route 5% of the traffic to the new model. In platforms like GrowthBook, you can even attach automatic rollback triggers based on quality or latency guardrails, so that if error rates exceed a certain threshold, the flag flips back immediately.
You can deactivate underperforming models in days without waiting weeks to test them.
3. Automated flagging for AI-generated code
When AI agents author your code, the safest default is to place that code behind a flag automatically. The agent can create the feature and the corresponding flag while shipping what’s behind it.
If you implement a flag-by-default policy, it’ll mean that every AI-authored change has a rollback path if it touches production. We need to reduce the burden of human review, so if reviewers approve the rollout plan in general, that’s a much better alternative to reviewing even a single line.
4. Scaling AI-focused experimentation
Feature flags
reduce risk, but they don’t tell you what’s going wrong and why. That’s where experimentation comes into the picture. Companies like
Khan Academy
have already run A/B experiments at the conversation-thread level and have launched their AI Tutor product (Khanmigo) successfully.
Here’s a simple progression flow of how Khan Academy improved its A/B testing process for AI systems:
Source
They ran a total of 64 experiments by testing prompt variations, system instructions, and even model comparisons between Gemini and OpenAI. And eventually, this helped them decide which product variants helped their users learn better.
The future of AI development workflows
The largest shift would be that flags are created
before
the code is written by the same agent who’s writing the code.
When AI agents generate features, they can create the corresponding feature flags in the same workflow. And the experiment also gets defined at the same time. Instead of shipping first and figuring out what to measure later, you can set up the hypothesis and metrics alongside the feature itself.
Source
One way to do this easily is to use
GrowthBook’s MCP server
. Beyond that, you can also use the
command line interface
(CLI) tools and direct API calls to do the same thing. Many customers are
building skills
tailored to their environment and practices for each step of the development process, including feature flag and experiment creation, ongoing monitoring, experiment analysis, and feature flag clean-up.
The goal is to integrate feature flags into your AI-based development process or when you’re developing AI features.
For example, if you’re done rolling out a feature, GrowthBook’s
Stale Flag Detection
feature automatically detects old flags and queues them up for removal. When you have capabilities that remove the burden on your teams rather than add to it, that’s where you see the real difference.
Best practices for shipping AI safely with feature flags
If you want to ship and test with more confidence while using or developing AI features, follow these practices:
Dogfood the feature first:
Internal users should see the feature before anyone else does. It’s standard practice for traditional releases, but it matters more for AI because failure modes are less predictable.
Use guardrail metrics with automatic rollback:
You need to define what "good enough to expand" looks like before you start the rollout. For AI features, that means quality signals alongside system metrics such as output relevance and user satisfaction scores. You can do that by
attaching guardrail metrics
to your rollout process. When you wrap the AI feature in a
Smart or Safe Feature Flag
, it’ll automatically roll back the feature if it dips past the thresholds you’ve set. Don’t wait for something to break and then fix it because there are more dependencies and variables when you’re using AI.
Always test in production:
Testing or experimentation has to become table stakes because of how unpredictable AI is. For AI features specifically, production is the only environment that contains the input distribution your feature will experience. You need to consider attaching observability to other metrics, such as token usage, P95 and P99 latency, output quality scores, and fallback frequency.
Source
Keep rollback faster than your deploy pipeline:
If the only way to turn off a broken AI feature is a redeploy, your recovery time is measured in minutes at best. Implement a flag-based kill switch to bring that number down to seconds.
Combine qualitative and quantitative signals:
Automated metrics catch spikes in latency or hallucination rates, but they won’t catch a chatbot that sounds condescending or a summary that’s factually correct but misses the point. Rely on user feedback or manual review of AI outputs to fill these gaps.
Evaluate models across both technical and business metrics:
A model can score higher on benchmarks and run faster inference. But it can still be worse for the business. So measure both layers independently, because a model upgrade that degrades user experience is still a regression.
Plan for cleanup from the start:
Stale flags are technical debt. With AI, this only increases the burden because the iteration cycle is faster and the volume of code you create is higher. Build flag cleanup into the lifecycle early and automate it so you don’t have to worry about it.
Source
AI-based development needs a control layer—even at scale
Even though AI is the fastest system engineering has ever built, if you don’t have the right governance systems in place, it’ll be harder to close that gap.
That’s what platforms like
GrowthBook
were built for. We recognize that feature flags and experimentation are critical to safe AI-based development. That’s why we recommend feature flags to control rollouts and an experimentation engine to measure performance. It runs everything on a
warehouse-native architecture
, which means you’re measuring against the data you already trust.
And if you’re already using AI platforms like Cursor or Claude Code, you can use
GrowthBook’s MCP server
to create flags and define experiments without leaving the platform. AI-generated code ships behind flags gradually, and the experimentation engine tells you if everything works as intended.
If you’re interested in learning more,
try GrowthBook for free
or
schedule a demo
with us.
‍
Platform
Experiments
AI
Guides
How to A/B Test AI Features
June 10, 2026
Topics
Platform
Experiments
AI
Guides
Release
Platform
Experiments
AI
Guides
Featured
true
Body
A practitioner's guide to A/B testing AI features: when to test, how to measure, what to randomize on, and how to connect offline evals to production experimentation.
Did your AI feature actually work?
Building an
AI-powered software feature
is not like shipping a traditional one. The output is non-deterministic. The same prompt can produce a dozen different answers, and a small wording change to your system prompt can change the outputs wildly and unpredictably. The
metrics
you'd usually rely on don't always tell you what you want to know. Did the user leave because the chatbot answered their question well? Or did they leave frustrated? Did engagement spike because users love the new feature, or because they're retrying queries that should have worked the first time?
The good news is this isn't an entirely new problem. The
experimentation
discipline you already have applies. Randomize, measure outcomes, compare to the control group. What changes is in the details: the metrics are harder to define, your experiment data can get noisier in ways you didn't expect, and a well-intended model update can start hallucinating or surfacing toxic content to real users.
This post walks through what's different and how to handle it: when to run experiments, how to measure if an AI feature is good, how to choose the right unit of randomization, why your power analysis can mislead you, and how to connect offline evals to production experimentation in one pipeline.
When should you run an experiment?
Experimentation
fits at two specific phases in your AI feature's lifecycle: when you first launch it (does the AI-powered version actually beat what you had before?) and continuously after (does this prompt edit, model swap, or RAG change improve things?). The offline tuning phase before launch is where most of the early work happens,
but it can't reliably tell you what's better in production.
The three phases, in order:
Offline tuning.
Model, prompt, retrieval, all the machinery, iterated until you have a candidate worth putting in front of users. Often starts with vibe checks and ends with LLM evals. Skipping this phase is especially risky for AI features. A confidently wrong answer is the kind of first impression users don't forget, and you may not get a second chance to win them back.
The enablement test.
Once the feature is tuned, the first experiment asks whether the AI-powered version actually beats the non-AI baseline.
Continuous optimization.
Every subsequent model swap, prompt edit, or RAG change gets tested separately.
This post focuses on phases 2 and 3, where experimentation carries most of the weight.
Feature flags
handle both phases cleanly. Assign users to different AI (or non-AI) configurations the same way you'd test any other variation. How you set up those flags determines what you can actually learn from each experiment. We walk through the setup decisions in more detail below.
How do you measure if an AI feature is good?
With a traditional feature, the primary metric is usually obvious (not always, for sure). Someone clicked, or they didn't. They converted, or they bounced. With AI features, the primary metric can be harder to pin down. What does it mean for the chatbot to have helped? Did the user get what they needed, or did they leave feeling frustrated and poorly served?
The metrics that matter usually fall into three buckets:
Outcome metrics
like retention, task completion rate, or activation. For some, the most business-relevant metrics (e.g., retention) can be really slow to move or measure. A
Daily Participation Metric
can bridge that gap to a faster signal: the average percentage of post-exposure days each user is actively using the product. What counts as a good outcome metric still varies by use case. Some teams can lean on what they already track. Others have to design something new to capture what they actually care about. Typeform's CPTO Aleks Bass has
reported
that an AI form-creation feature doubled their activation rate. None of the roughly 50 other experiments they ran that year matched that lift.
Behavioral signals
like acceptance rate, regeneration rate, or abandonment. Fast but imperfect: they tell you something changed, not necessarily whether it was for the better.
Safety and quality floors
like hallucination rate, toxicity, PII leakage. These are constraints to enforce instead of metrics to optimize.
Guardrail metrics
with
sequential testing
catch violations in real time, and
quantile treatment effects
catch the tail behavior averages would miss.
A word on thumbs up/down feedback. It's often the first signal teams reach for, and it's also one of the least reliable. Thumbs feedback is heavily self-selected toward users with strong opinions, and Khan Academy's Kelli Hill has noted it correlates more with overall engagement than with quality. Not a good decision metric.
Cost, latency, and quality deserve special attention because they pull against each other. Better models cost more and run slower; cheaper or faster usually means lower quality. But in many cases, a less powerful model performs just fine while costing less and responding faster, and finding that sweet spot can be the goal of the experiment itself. Speed matters more than many teams expect: a faster response that's slightly less accurate can outperform on business metrics like conversion rates, because users engage more when responses feel instant. Track all three as separate outcome metrics. Cost especially is easy to overlook since growth teams rarely see infrastructure bills, but it can be the difference between a feature that ships and one that doesn't pencil out.
And beware: some metrics can mislead you. A support bot that hands off fewer cases to humans gets a higher resolution rate, but users walk away angry. You think you're optimizing the customer experience when you're actually hurting it.
How to combine these so you understand the tradeoffs, how to design custom metrics when the off-the-shelf ones don't fit, and how to navigate tradeoffs that don't have a single right answer: each deserves more depth than this overview can give. Our follow-up post will give the measurement question the love it deserves.
Choosing your unit of randomization
The tradeoff is simple: smaller units like sessions give you more data points and more power. Larger units like users or accounts work better when inconsistent experiences across visits would be noticed or confusing to the user.
User-level is the safer default when users return to the product repeatedly. Randomize at the session level instead, and the same user can end up seeing control on one visit and treatment on the next. That creates two problems: you can't cleanly measure user-level outcomes, and users may notice the inconsistency. A daily-use coding assistant, an AI chatbot with repeat usage, a recommender that shows up on every visit, an inbox feature touched dozens of times a day: these all belong on user-level randomization.
Even features that feel one-shot are usually safer at the user level. An AI summary at the top of an article, an AI-suggested subject line, an AI translation of a chat message: the same user encounters these again on a different article, email, or message. If they notice the behavior shifting between encounters, you've introduced inconsistency that distorts both their experience and your measurement.
Some teams do go for finer-grained randomization when they have a specific reason to.
Khan Academy
built infrastructure to randomize at the chat thread level for their AI tutor, accepting the cross-thread risk in exchange for more statistical power. That's a deliberate choice based on their context. Treat it as the exception, not the starting point: match the unit of randomization to the unit of experience, and err toward user-level when uncertain.
This may be especially worrisome for B2B products and any AI surface where different users can influence each other. If half the users in an account get a new AI feature, the rest will find out fast. Once they're asking questions about it, your control group is contaminated.
Cluster experiments
handle this by randomizing at the account or team level, so everyone in the same group sees the same variation. The tradeoff: far fewer units in your experiment, and you might come up short on power.
When power analysis misleads you
Most power analyses start with historical data. You look at how your metric has behaved in the past, estimate the variance, and calculate how long you need to run. That works fine when the thing you're changing doesn't also change the shape of your data. But a model swap can do exactly that. The variance you observed under one model might be completely different under another.
How much this matters depends on the metric. Metrics close to the raw LLM output, like response length or latency, can shift dramatically with a model change. Outcome metrics like retention or bookings are more stable because they depend on what users actually do, not directly on what the model produces. The rule of thumb: the further your primary metric sits from the model output, the more your historical variance estimates are likely to hold.
The three stages of testing AI features
A lot of teams treat
evals and experiments
as separate activities. They're not. They're stages in one pipeline, and each stage answers a different question.
1. Offline evals
Offline evals come first. You test a new model or prompt against a fixed dataset and check whether the outputs look reasonable. This catches obvious regressions before anything goes live, but offline evals are limited in two ways. Sample sizes are typically small (a few thousand examples), which is enough to flag a catastrophically broken model but not enough to detect the small-but-real shifts you'd actually want to ship. And eval metrics can be misleading: a higher score doesn't always mean a better outcome. Pedro Tabacof, principal ML scientist at Intercom, has seen this firsthand:
"A colleague was migrating to a new model and noticed one of our key intermediate eval metrics had dropped meaningfully. He spent some time tweaking the prompt to bring that metric back up, and then we launched the A/B test. The business numbers weren't great. Later I A/B tested the original version, the one with the lower eval score, and got better business results. That was a clear-cut case of an offline metric we'd trusted for a long time being misleading. We rely much less on intermediate evals now, and let production data make the call."
Treat eval scorecards as a filter for obvious failures, not a green light to ship.
2. The live experiment
Next comes the live experiment. Start with low enrollment, say 5% (or even 1%) of users seeing the experiment at all, with a balanced split between control and treatment inside that small group. Watch your guardrail metrics for harm. If everything seems fine, raise the enrollment rate. What changes is the share of users entering the experiment, not their assignments: users already in control or treatment keep their assignment as the enrolled range grows, and new users entering the experiment get freshly assigned. The split stays balanced, and the experiment stays valid throughout the ramp. Keep going until you've gathered enough data to measure impact: did the new model actually improve the outcome, or did it just not make things worse? This is when the measurement framework from earlier becomes relevant.
When your customers are organizations rather than individuals, one detail matters: ramp at the interaction or end-user level, not at the account level. If you ramp by enrolling whole accounts, your highest-volume accounts go first because that's where the data is, and they will absorb most of the early risk. Rolling out 1% of interactions across all accounts spreads risk thinly, and the largest accounts never see an outsized share of an experiment that goes wrong.
3. Production monitoring
Finally, production monitoring. The experiment ends, you roll out the winner, but the job isn't done. Models drift. Upstream APIs change. Usage patterns shift. Even the context fed to your AI can change as other parts of the product evolve. Something that worked in March can quietly degrade by June without anyone touching a thing. Set up dashboards and alerts that track your key quality metrics independently of any experiment, so you catch degradation early.
Setting up for clean iteration
Once your feature is live, optimizing it means testing new prompts, swapping models, adjusting context windows. How you set up your experiments and flags now affects how smoothly you can iterate.
At launch, a single flag with an experiment behind it handles everything. Some users see the AI version; the rest stay on baseline. Once the results support a full rollout, bake the values into your code.
For ongoing optimization, each test gets its own new experiment. Testing a new prompt? Create an experiment that compares it against your current baseline. Swapping models? Create an experiment for that comparison. Each experiment brings a fresh random draw of who sees what, and its own set of values for the flag to serve. The flag variable in your code stays constant. All you're adding is a new experiment.
A flag can carry more than a simple on/off value. If you know your variations upfront, you can package a complete configuration into each variation: model, prompt, temperature, context window, all in one payload. One experiment, multiple configured variations. You'll learn which combination wins, but not which individual variable drove the result. Isolating which variable actually drove it means follow-up experiments that vary one dimension at a time.
The most common mistake is changing what the flag returns mid-experiment. It feels minor: just a prompt tweak, not worth configuring a new experiment for. But now the experiment combines users who saw both prompts and some who just saw the newest, and the result becomes difficult to read.
From speed bump to safety net
Testing AI features
follows the same experimentation discipline you already have. What differs are the specifics: how you define and interpret metrics, why your power estimates may hold when the model changes, and where offline evals end and production experimentation begins. That is where you need extra care when shipping AI features.
AI has made shipping faster than ever, but it hasn't made it easier to tell good changes from bad. The faster you can ship, the more it costs to confuse the two.
The good news is the experimentation discipline you already have is most of what's needed. Apply it to every AI change with the wrinkles in this post in mind. Khan Academy's Kelli Hill has described their evolving relationship with experimentation as going from a "speed bump" to a "safety net." For AI features, that shift is the difference between shipping confidently and shipping by intuition.
Feature Flags
Featured
How engineering teams reduce feature flag technical debt
June 9, 2026
Topics
Feature Flags
Featured
Release
Feature Flags
Featured
Featured
true
Body
You already know that
feature flags
make shipping safer. You can decouple deployment from release and gate risky changes behind a toggle.
But that safety comes with a cost you may not see at first, especially when you’re implementing them at scale.
For example, the release flag you shipped last quarter is probably still sitting in your codebase, serving 100% of users with no targeting rules. And nobody on your team remembers what happens if you flip it off.
Add that across a hundred flags, and now you’re sitting on
real
technical debt that is a serious risk to every change you make. That’s why
50% of engineering leaders
say a quarter of their IT budget goes toward managing and eliminating technical debt.
In this article, we’ll explain how you can realistically reduce and manage technical debt while reducing risk within your infrastructure.
What is feature flag technical debt?
Feature flag technical debt refers to the technical debt that accumulates in your codebase from
stale flags
from older deployments or experiments.
The best way to put this would be to compare feature flags to dead feature branches in your repo. If you create a feature branch for a sprint that ended months ago but never merged or deleted it, nobody knows what to do with it. It sits in your codebase, cluttering your repo.
Technical debt from
feature flags
works the same way. But the consequences are much worse.
A
2021 study
found that 77% of developers say they intend to remove toggles once a system stabilizes. But when their codebases were audited, 75% of the toggle components were present for up to 49 weeks after introduction. It shows that it’s easy to introduce a flag into your infrastructure—and it’s just as easy to forget about.
Most of this debt comes from temporary flags, such as release toggles or experiment flags. The thing is, even 10 active flags in your codebase create 1,024 possible code paths. Bump it up to 20 flags, and it results in over a million code paths.
If you don’t tackle this before or during flag implementation, you can’t avoid creating more debt.
Why is it so easy for flag debt to accumulate in your infrastructure?
If you’ve ever looked at your flag management dashboard and wondered how things got this bad, you’re in good company. The
2024 Stack Overflow Developer Survey
found that technical debt ranked as the number one work frustration for 63% of professional developers.
Technical debt ranks as the number one work frustration for 62.4% of professional developers. Source: 2024 Stack Overflow Developer Survey.
Source
Flag debt is a specific, particularly stubborn strain of that broader problem. And it comes down to how teams ship software.
Issue #1: There’s no clear ownership model
It’s easy to create a flag. All it takes is a simple if/else wrapper around your code—or a quick “Create a flag for X feature” prompt in your MCP. But if nobody on your team owns the end-to-end lifecycle for that flag, it’ll continue to sit in your codebase forever.
In a
recent podcast
, Jonathan Schneider, CEO of Moderene, has seen this firsthand. When he was working at Netflix, its culture of “freedom and responsibility” meant central teams couldn’t force product engineers to clean up technical debt. When Schneider’s team tried surfacing reports and dashboards to show engineers where they needed to act, nobody did anything for two reasons:
Nobody took ownership for feature flags
They were under constant pressure to ship
When Schneider asked them how he could help, they said:
“Do the work for me, otherwise I’ve got something else to do.”
Unless you have a system in place to absorb this effort through ownership and tooling, flag cleanup will be an afterthought.
Issue #2: There’s a fear of removal
This is the psychological anchor of flag debt. You know a flag is probably stale, but you can’t see everywhere it’s referenced in the codebase. So you leave it because you don’t know what it’ll
break in production
.
For any individual flag, that risk outweighs the discomfort of carrying dead code. But, the cummulative risk of these stale flags just gets worse and worse over time.
Issue #3: There’s no flag lifecycle policy
Without clear expiration dates or cleanup commitments attached to the flag when it’s created, every flag enters your codebase with an open-ended lifespan.
A healthy engineering organization aims for a
roughly 1:1 ratio per quarter of flags created to flags archived
. The lower your ratio, the more debt and risk you are accumulating.
Issue #4: They’re missing from the definition of “done”
When
engineering teams
define a feature as complete, it’s usually based on whether it’s fully tested and shipped. But the underlying flags that control those rollouts and experiments are never accounted for in the first place.
Eventually, it becomes next quarter’s problem—or worse—something they’ll never deal with. That’s why you need to change how you define “shipped” or “completed rollout.”
What is the real cost of letting feature flags sprawl?
You might think that flag debt only results in one-off incidents like the
2012 Knight Capital incident
or the
2020 Slack outage
. But the risks are far worse for ongoing development work. Here are a few:
Increased cognitive load:
The more unretired flags you have in your codebase, the higher the number of flags your engineers have to track while reading or modifying code mentally. For someone onboarding to your team, stale flags look identical to active ones—they’ll spend hours tracing logic paths that haven’t mattered in months. The
2024 Deloitte Tech Trends report
found that 78% of developers said spending too much time on legacy systems hurt their morale. Technical debt from stale flags directly contributes to this issue.
Increased security exposure:
A flag at 100% rollout for a year still leaves the old code path in place. Unfortunately, that retired logic could still be referenced in deprecated APIs or access patterns that your security team has in place. It’s dead code, but it doesn’t mean it can’t be reached and used as a vulnerability. A
2026 study
found that stale flags tend to create persistent backdoors that allow unauthorized transactions in financial apps and create unnecessary data exposure.
Higher operational risk:
A flag that’s accidentally re-enabled on a stale configuration can cause production incidents for companies
operating at scale
. That’s why in 2020, Uber’s engineering team built
Piranha
to address this. Their Polyglot Piranha tool generated nearly 5,000 pull requests in a six-month evaluation period, removing stale flags across codebases totaling over 10 million lines of code.
Increased tech debt due to AI:
As more engineering teams use AI, they’re also finding that it only creates more debt with time. In fact, Sonar’s State of Code Developer Survey found that, even with AI coding tools boosting individual productivity by 35%, developers still spend
23–25% of their
workweek on toil. AI creates more flags faster, but doesn’t auto-clean stale flags unless you have the tooling to do so.
Even with AI coding tools, managing technical debt remains the top source of toil for developers who use AI daily. Source: Sonar State of Code Developer Survey.
Source
How to detect stale feature flags in your codebase
It’s a fact that you can’t clean up what you can’t see. That’s why
stale feature flag detection
is the first step. It determines whether a flag is actually a stale one that’s contributing to more debt.
Typically, you can decide that based on the type of flag it is. For example, an operational feature flag like a kill switch is not a debt because it’s there only for one-off incidents. But an
experiment flag
that’s there three months after the experiment is over needs to be removed.
Here are three ways you can find debt-creating flags:
1. Manual audits
Manual audits are the most common starting point. You pull up your flag inventory and evaluate each one against a few key signals:
Serving state:
Is the flag still serving multiple variations, or has it been rolled out to 100% of users? A flag pinned to a single variation for everyone is the clearest staleness signal.
Code references:
Is the flag still referenced anywhere in the codebase? Zero references means the toggle is dead weight regardless of age.
Flag type
: Was this a temporary release or experiment flag, or a permanent operational flag (kill switch, entitlement, config toggle)? Only temporary flags should be on the cleanup list.
Last modified date
: How long has it been since anyone touched this flag? For temporary flags, anything untouched past ~90 days deserves a closer look.
Dependencies
— Does anything else depend on this flag's state? Check for flags referenced in targeting rules, integrations, or other flags' prerequisites before removing.
If a temporary flag has been fully rolled out, has no remaining code references, and no downstream dependencies, it's ready for cleanup. That means two steps: archive the flag in your management platform
and
remove the conditional logic from your codebase. Skipping either one just moves the debt rather than eliminating it.
2. Automated stale detection
This is where you can add a layer of automation. Many feature flagging platforms let you automatically detect stale flags.
GrowthBook’s
stale detection
uses
per-environment
rule analysis combined with an inactivity window to surface flags that have outlived their purpose. It marks a flag as stale when it hasn’t been updated in two weeks and meets at least one condition: it’s disabled in all environments, or its
rules send 100% of traffic
to a single variation.
That said, you can override this per flag with a “Never Stale” designation for long-lived operational flags that are permanent by design. The stale indicator shows up directly in the Features view. You can remove it as and when you see it.
GrowthBook's stale detection surfaces flags that have outlived their purpose directly in the Features view.
Source
And because stale detection works through the
REST API and GrowthBook’s MCP server
, you can use AI tools like Cursor and Claude Code to check a flag’s state through chat.
3. Code References
Let’s say you know that there’s a flag in your codebase. But you don’t actually remember where it is or who owns it. That’s where tools like Code References come in.
Code References
maps each flag to its exact location in the codebase, and it’s visible inside GrowthBook. When you combine it with stale detection, you can tell whether it’s stale and remove it immediately because you’ve pinpointed where it exists.
Code References maps each flag to its exact location in the codebase, so you know exactly where to remove it.
Source
The best part is that you can also see whether these flags have dependencies. So you’re 100% sure that nothing will break if you remove them.
How to treat flag cleanup as an ongoing process
It’s a very common practice to treat flag cleanup as a “big-bang” event. Engineering teams run a sprint of sorts to find flags and remove them from the codebase. Some teams, like Uber, even go so far as to create their own tools to do it—but that’s not always necessary, because it wastes time and resources.
Engineers on Reddit describe the real barriers to reducing technical debt: organizational pressure and misallocated cleanup time.
Source
Ultimately, it’s a social engineering problem as much as it is a technical one. It comes down to your governance practices and engineering culture. Here’s a clear playbook you can follow to deal with this issue:
Triage by flag type:
Ideally, temporary flags (like release toggles and experiment flags) should be your first targets. Document them at creation and tag them with an expiration date. Also, create a cleanup PR that removes the flag and collapses the conditional logic to the correct permanent path.
Verify before you remove:
Use tools like Code References to trace every location where the flag is evaluated. If you’re doing it manually, just check that it doesn’t have any additional dependencies so that nothing goes wrong after removal.
Remove flags in small batches:
If you’re running a weekly sprint to remove them, don’t go all out at once. Start with maybe 10 flags and see how it’s affecting the rest of your services. Over time, you’ll learn the nuances and can bake them into your documentation and governance/lifecycle practices. Then you can include this in your existing release or experiment cycle rather than creating a separate backlog.
Automate what you can:
If you’re using
GrowthBook’s MCP server
, an AI agent can identify stale flags, pull their code references, and draft removal PRs. You still review and approve, but the discovery happens on its own or when prompted. But archive the flag instead of deleting them to preserve the audit trail.
Build clear lifecycle rules:
All of these practices only help when you have a
governance layer
in between to prevent debt from accumulating. Consider assigning an owner to each flag when it’s created, and add flag removal as a part of your definition of “Done.” When it’s archived, update your documentation.
A short checklist for each feature rollout or experiment goes a long way in managing technical debt.
How GrowthBook handles flag debt at scale
Right now, we’re sure you have a release flag from last quarter that’s just sitting in your codebase. But it really doesn’t have to be. With every passing week, you’re only adding more dependencies (and even more risk) to your development cycles.
That’s one of the reasons we built a feature flagging product with technical debt in mind. Here are a few ways GrowthBook can prevent technical debt accumulation:
Stale detection automatically surfaces flags that have outlived their purpose.
Code references show you exactly where each flag lives in your codebase.
Approval workflows
route those removals through the same review gates as any other production change.
Its MCP server and REST API let AI agents like Claude Code and Cursor query lifecycle status and surface stale flags. And clean them up if needed.
It's open-source so you can see the full detection and removal logic yourself.
You don’t have to let a quarter of your engineering capacity go toward managing debt that’s preventable.
If you’re interested in seeing how GrowthBook works to remove flag debt,
sign up for free
or
book a demo
with us today.
‍
Feature Flags
Featured
Feature flags in CI/CD: continuous experimentation
June 8, 2026
Topics
Feature Flags
Featured
Release
Feature Flags
Featured
Featured
true
Body
When your continuous integration and continuous development (CI/CD) pipeline works, you’ve solved the problem of reliable deployment. While CI/CD has made it trivial to ship code, it doesn’t answer three questions that actually determine whether a release succeeds:
Who should see this change?
Is it behaving safely in production?
And how do we know if it’s actually working?
Without answers to those questions, deployments become binary events. A simple change is either on or off, and your team is forced to compensate with slower releases or reactive rollbacks when something breaks.
Feature flags
mitigate that by decoupling deployment from release. They let you ship code continuously while controlling exactly when and how it becomes visible.
In this article, we’ll explain how
feature flags
improve the CI/CD process and why you should consider using them.
Why CI/CD alone isn’t enough anymore and how feature flags improve it
Deploying code and delivering value are two different things, and most pipelines treat them as one. Here’s why:
The all-or-nothing deployment problem
When you merge to main and deploy, that change hits 100% of your users instantly. Your deployment
is
your release—a “Big Bang” of sorts. And with every Big Bang release, there’s a risk that something goes wrong and you’ll have to undo the whole deployment.
Now, the natural response is to ship less often or to add manual approval gates. But those decisions make the delivery process slower and less continuous, which is not why you adopted CI/CD in the first place.
The average cost of downtime now stands at
$14,056 per minute
, with more than half of organizations reporting that their most recent
outage cost over $100,000
. Engineering leaders are worried and rightfully so. Over 40% of organizations have experienced an outage due to human error, and
85% of those incidents
trace back to people failing to follow procedures or to flaws in the development process itself.
If you’re still taking the risk of deploying all at once, even while adopting a CI/CD workflow, you’re just creating more room for mistakes.
Plus, if you don’t have the measurement mechanisms in place, you’ll never know if the deployment actually made a positive difference. Teams wait until users report a bug or an outage happens—and then you’re stuck in a reactive deployment cycle that eats into your ability to ship value.
How feature flags improve CI/CD processes
You can solve the problems we’ve stated above by using feature flags to introduce a control layer between your deployment pipeline and your users. They change three things about how releases work:
1. Decouple deployment from release
With feature flags, deployment and release are two separate events. You keep shipping code to production continuously through your existing pipeline, but features only turn on for specific users or segments—based on how you define the flag’s parameters. As a result, you can turn a feature off in seconds without redeploying code.
You can also conduct a “dark launch” where you ship code to production without exposing it to any user. It lets you test in production before anyone sees the frontend change.
2. Move from binary releases to graduated rollouts
You can avoid shipping features to all your users at once. Instead, move on to gradual exposure. Start with 1% of users, evaluate, expand to 10%, then 25%, 50%, and 100%. At each stage, you can target specific users, segments, or environments.
3. Create better business outcomes
When your blast radius is controlled, the downstream effects are measurable:
Increase confidence in delivery:
Engineering teams
ship more frequently because a bad rollout won’t affect everyone. That confidence translates directly into faster time-to-market.
Reduction in incident costs:
Exposing a feature to fewer users means fewer major incidents. When something does break, the impact is limited to the percentage you rolled out to.
Simplify rollback procedures:
Feature flags cut mean time to recovery because you can roll back the new feature immediately. In fact, many feature flagging platforms automate this process based on
certain thresholds
.
Why you need to adopt a continuous experimentation mindset
Continuous experimentation means you’re embedding measurement into every feature release. So every time you ship, you define what success looks like and how you’ll measure it. After you ship, you check whether it arrived. The experimentation loop becomes the standard for how your team operates.
Industry-wide, only about
30% of product
changes meaningfully move the metrics they’re meant to improve, according to research from Ronny Kohavi and echoed by GrowthBook co-founder Graham McNicholl at a
2025 ClickHouse meetup
. That means roughly two-thirds of the features you build either have no measurable impact or actively make things worse.
Without
experimentation
, you have no way of knowing which category yours falls into.
Running A/B tests through feature flag rollouts
When you roll out a feature to 10% of users with a flag, you already have a natural test setup. The 10% seeing the new experience are your treatment group. The other 90% are your control. You’re one step away from a structured A/B test.
To close that gap, you can start by defining two kinds of metrics before the rollout begins:
Goal metrics:
These metrics measure what you’re trying to improve. For example, conversion rate, cart completion, engagement, or retention.
Guardrail metrics
:
These metrics measure what shouldn’t degrade. For example, error rates, latency, page load time, and revenue per user.
If a guardrail degrades, you can stop the rollout. If the goal metric improves, you expand the experiment to a broader user base.
Continuous experimentation changes the definition of CI/CD
Traditional CI/CD delivers code continuously. With built-in feature flags, experimentation delivers
learning
continuously.
Engineering teams that operate this way stop making purely intuition-based product decisions. Each release cycle produces data that informs the next one and it compounds over time. You build a track record of what actually moves your metrics instead of a backlog of shipped features you hope moved them.
What are the mechanics of deploying using Safe Rollouts?
Here are three elements you need to start using feature flags in the CI/CD process:
1. Progressive percentage rollouts
A progressive rollout follows a ramp-up schedule. You start at 10% of users, increase to 25%, then 50%, 75%, and finally 100%. At each stage, you’re watching a defined set of metrics before moving forward.
Typically, the engineer who built the feature or experiment owns the rollout. So they can monitor these metrics and escalate issues if something goes wrong. For instance, if you’re releasing a new interactive learning feature and notice that the first segment of users engage with it successfully, you can ramp up the segment size.
Platforms like GrowthBook offer
Safe Rollouts
that automate this ramp-up schedule, so you don’t need to bump the percentage manually. Since it’s based on one-sided sequential testing, the traffic percentage increases as the goal metrics improve or guardrail metrics aren’t met yet.
GrowthBook lets you precisely run experiments based on user type, groups, attributes, and prerequisite features.
Source
2. Guardrail metrics and automated monitoring
When a guardrail trips, the rollout pauses or rolls back automatically. You don’t have to worry about getting a pager at 3 AM or a Slack notification asking you to revert the rollback manually. In the same interactive feature example, if you notice that page load rates are decreasing for the interactive feature, it’ll roll back automatically.
GrowthBook lets you define guardrail metrics per rollout and automatically pause or roll back when they degrade.
Create specific rules for every rollout so that the flag can either pause or scale the rollout percentage based on predefined thresholds.
Source
3. Rollback decision criteria
You need to define your
rollback thresholds
upfront before the rollout begins. For example, “If the error rate increases by more than 0.5%, roll back automatically. If latency p99 exceeds 200ms, pause and evaluate.”
The platform you choose just executes the instructions. For example, GrowthBook has auto-rollback triggers for guardrail metric failures that
execute predefined decisions
. You can either customize this or use these built-in options:
Clear Signals:
It requires no guardrail failures and all goal metric successes
Do No Harm:
It only requires that no metrics are statistically significant in the harmful direction.
Here are the status signals you’ll see in GrowthBook:
Status
Meaning
X days left
The rollout is in progress. Monitoring continues.
Unhealthy
Traffic is imbalanced. Check your implementation.
Guardrails Failing
Regression detected. Consider reverting the change.
Ready to ship
No regressions detected and safe rollout duration completed. Ready to release fully.
No Data
No traffic detected after 24 hours. Check setup.
Source
How Khan Academy ships with feature flags
Khan Academy
achieved a 5x increase in A/B testing capacity after adopting GrowthBook. Their Chief Software Architect, John Resig, explained this:
‍
“Being able to turn a feature on and off with a flip of a switch is fantastic... That’s so much easier than having to do a deploy or a roll-back.[…] People [are] running more experiments with more confidence. GrowthBook is going to help us do a lot more testing.”
Its engineering team integrated the platform with their website, backend, and mobile apps. The workflow looks like this:
Code merges behind a flag
They define it based on attributes like classroom tags or student districts
The flag turns on for a small percentage of users
An experiment runs against goal and guardrail metrics
Data informs whether to expand or revert
After full rollout, the flag gets cleaned up. GrowthBook’s Safe Rollouts tie this workflow together in a single feature. You get an automated ramp schedule, sequential testing, guardrail monitoring, and auto-rollback in one place.
Implementing feature flags in your CI/CD pipeline
Setting up feature flags requires more than just adding an SDK. You need the following to get started:
Environment-aware flags
Your flags need to respect the same environment boundaries as the rest of your infrastructure. A flag that’s on in staging should be independently controllable from the same flag in production. Use separate
SDK keys per environment
(development, staging, and production) to prevent configuration drift.
Create feature flags in specific environments within GrowthBook.
Source
Integrating flags with your CI/CD tooling
Typically, integration happens at two levels:
Scanning your codebase for flag references as part of your pipeline to
catch stale flags
.
Automating flag state changes via a
REST API
so flags are live just when the code is.
Note:
You can use GrowthBook’s
CLI
to scan your codebase for flag references and integrate it into GitHub Actions. The REST API handles flag promotion across environments as part of your existing deploy workflow.
Feature flag hygiene
Stale flags can cause issues at runtime if left unchecked for a long time. You can avoid this by defining a flag lifecycle as part of your development process:
Create
the flag with an owner, a purpose, and an expiration date.
Roll out
the feature using progressive delivery stages.
Experiment
against goal and guardrail metrics during the rollout.
Decide
whether to ship fully or revert based on the data.
Clean up
the flag once you’re done using it.
Note:
GrowthBook
surfaces stale flags
through
automated detection
and
Code References
. If you’re not using a flag anymore, it’ll get flagged after it passes its expiration date or crosses the 90-day mark.
Catch old and unused feature flags in your codebase using Stale Flag Detection.
Source
How to choose the right feature flag platform for continuous experimentation
When you’re evaluating feature flagging platforms, these are the questions that matter:
Is experimentation built in or bolted on?
If flags and experiments live in separate products, you’re context-switching between rollout decisions and impact measurement.
Does it support safe rollout automation?
Manual percentage bumps require someone to remember to do them. With automation, you can avoid this.
Can you self-host and own your data?
Many platforms route all evaluation data through their cloud. If you’re in a regulated industry with compliance or data residency requirements, it’s a must.
Does it work across your stack?
Choose a platform that has the
right SDK
across server, client, mobile, and edge environments.
Is pricing predictable at scale?
Per-MAU or per-event pricing penalizes growth. Per-seat pricing is ideal so that you only pay for the people who manage the flags.
Does it support environment-level controls?
You need independent flag states for each environment, with separate SDK keys.
Can you integrate it with your existing CI/CD tools?
Your flag platform should expose a REST API and a CLI to automate flag state changes during deployment.
Does it help you manage flag lifecycle and cleanup?
To avoid tech debt, choose a platform that surfaces them automatically and flags them for removal.
Learn more about the
best open-source feature flaggting platforms
.
Ship code continuously and measure what matters
CI/CD solved the deployment problem. You can reliably go from commit to production, and most engineering teams have that part figured out.
But the harder part is what happens after the deployment.
Feature flags help you control that part by
decoupling deployment from release
and treating rollbacks as minor configuration changes rather than redeployments. When you layer in experimentation, it closes the second gap by turning every rollout into a structured decision point.
If you’re looking for a feature flagging platform that enables CI/CD process,
try GrowthBook for free
or
book a demo
with our team.
Experiments
The Edge Podcast
The 2% close rate increase that turned Ford Credit's product teams into believers
June 5, 2026
Topics
Experiments
The Edge Podcast
Release
Experiments
The Edge Podcast
Featured
false
Body
A product team at
Ford Credit
had a feature they were sure about. Drop a vehicle selector at the start of the online prequalification form, let prospective buyers pick the car they were dreaming about, and more of them would finish the application. It felt obvious. They were ready to ship it.
Geoffrey Bell
asked them to test it first.
Geoffrey is the experimentation product specialist at Ford Credit, the captive lender that finances Ford and Lincoln vehicles on behalf of Ford Motor Company. He came up through experimentation at Lowe's, then spent time at Microsoft running tests across Xbox, before bringing that discipline to an organization that was
newer to the practice
. He has seen what experimentation looks like when it's mature, and he has seen what it takes to build it from scratch.
The vehicle-selector test is a good place to start, because it lost. And the loss is the point.
The test everyone wanted to ship
The hypothesis was reasonable. Give a customer the choice of a vehicle early, and you create commitment. "The idea was, if we give a customer the choice of a vehicle, then there'll be higher likelihood that they will actually convert into a prequalified customer," Geoffrey said.
So they ran it properly. A control with no vehicle selector in the prequalification flow, a treatment with one. Within two to three weeks, the data was unambiguous. Completion rates fell. Customers presented with the vehicle selector were finishing the application less often, not more.
That's a result a lot of teams would quietly shelve. Nobody enjoys telling a product manager that their idea cost the business leads. But Geoffrey sees those moments differently.
"Isn't it always the case that it's the losing tests that wind up creating or finding the most value, the most insight?" he said.
In this case, the value was twofold. First, the team did not ship a change that would have reduced qualified applications across one of Ford Credit's most important flows. Second, and more durably,
leadership saw what experimentation could do
. A program that was still earning its place had just caught an expensive mistake in motion. The loss bought credibility that a marginal winner never would have.
Geoffrey is honest about the nuance. At the time, the team could not yet measure whether the customers who dropped off were actually weaker leads, which would have changed the read. They have since gotten more sophisticated about that throughput. But even without it, the headline was clear enough to stop a launch and start a conversation.
The lesson from the first beat is the one most programs skip: a losing test is not a failure to manage around. It's the cheapest insurance the business will ever buy.
Why the loss pointed to a fix, not a dead end
A losing result is
only wasted if you stop there
. Geoffrey's team treated the drop in completions as information about timing, not a verdict on the idea.
They moved the vehicle selector to after the prequalification step, once the customer already knew they qualified, and saw gains. Same feature, different point in the flow, opposite outcome.
It reminded Geoffrey of a joke from his Lowe's days, when the team worked in classic e-commerce metrics like add-to-cart rate and revenue per visitor. "It was rarely the case that just putting an add-to-cart button earlier in the customer journey, it seemingly never led to more orders," he said. The instinct to push the conversion moment earlier almost always
backfired
.
The pattern underneath both stories is about meeting customers where they actually are. A prospective buyer filling out a credit form is not in the same headspace as one who has just been told they qualify. Get the placement wrong, and a good feature reads as friction. Get it right and the same feature converts.
That's why a single test is rarely the end of the conversation. Conviction in an idea plus a willingness to iterate on where and how it shows up beats a graveyard of abandoned hypotheses.
The piggy bank nobody puts on the slide
If the vehicle-selector story is about what a loss teaches, the next idea is about how you count it.
Geoffrey picked it up at Microsoft, where the experimentation program ran at enormous volume. He called it the experimentation piggy bank, and it had two sides. "Here's the
revenue
that we were able to realize from positive experiments. But here is the revenue that we saved from shipping poor experiences," he said.
Most programs only report the first number. The wins go on the slide because they're easy to celebrate and easy to attribute. The saves, the launches that tested poorly and never shipped, stay invisible. There's no line of revenue for a bad experience a customer never had.
But that second number is real, and it's often the larger of the two.
Every prevented regression
, every feature pulled before it reached production, is money the business kept. A program graded only on lift is reporting half of what it actually delivers.
This is the discipline Geoffrey is rebuilding at Ford Credit: a way to stand in front of leadership and show both columns. Not just what experimentation earned, but what it prevented.
The two percent that finally moved receivables
For a long time, Ford Credit's online experiments could move clicks, page views, and bounce rates. What they could not do was prove that a test sold a car. The most important part of the business happens offline, inside one of more than 5,000 dealerships, long after the customer closed the browser tab.
The hard part was never the math. It was the plumbing. An online test and an offline purchase are separated by time, by a dealership visit, and by every other experience a customer has in between, which is why so few programs ever
close the loop
. Connecting those two worlds took years.
When the team finally built the throughput measurement, it changed how product managers saw experimentation. Geoffrey gave the example that lands the point. In a purchasing flow, a control closed at a 30% rate among customers who purchased and financed with Ford Credit. The treatment closed at 32%. "That two percent incremental revenue gain, when you kind of project it out and annualize it, it has a large impact," he said.
On a business that moves tens of thousands of vehicles at roughly $50,000 each, two points of close rate is not a rounding error. It's a number leadership recognizes. And once an experiment could be denominated in receivables rather than engagement, the questions from product teams changed. They stopped asking whether they had to test and started asking what else they could.
Geoffrey is careful not to overcorrect. Revenue should not be the only measure of an experimentation program. Engagement, scroll depth, bounce rate, and the dozens of other behavioral signals matter, especially on pages where a purchase is nowhere near. But revenue is the language the business runs on. "Experimentation is one of those unique places that marries customer behavior with business metrics," he said. Tying a test to that intersection is what makes it impossible to ignore.
The experimentation balance sheet
Put the three ideas together, and a single mental model falls out. Treat your experimentation program like a balance sheet.
On one side, the wins: the lifts you shipped, denominated in the metric the business cares about most. On the other, the saves: the expensive experiences you tested and chose not to ship. Both sides count. A program that only reports wins is handing leadership an income statement with the costs torn off.
Geoffrey's path from Lowe's to Microsoft to Ford Credit is really the story of learning to keep both columns honest. The moves are repeatable:
Test the change you're most confident about, especially when the team wants to ship on instinct.
Treat a losing result as a question about timing and placement, not a final no.
Count the revenue you saved by not shipping, alongside the revenue you earned by shipping.
Connect experiments to the downstream number the business actually runs on, so the value is undeniable.
When you deliver a result, lead with the story of what the customer did, then bring the numbers.
None of it requires a bigger tool budget. It requires deciding that a prevented mistake is worth as much as a captured win, and then proving it.
Full conversation with Geoffrey Bell, Experimentation Product Specialist at Ford Credit, on
The Experimentation Edge
.
‍
Experiments
Featured
How to choose the right metrics and KPIs for A/B testing
June 3, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Featured
Release
Experiments
Featured
Featured
true
Body
Metrics as a key to A/B testing success
Metrics
, often referred to as KPIs (Key Performance Indicators) in
A/B testing
, are the foundation of any successful
experiment
. They determine what you observe, how you evaluate performance, and ultimately what decisions you make. Without the right metrics in place, even the most promising idea cannot generate meaningful impact, because you won’t be measuring the outcomes it actually affects.
In this post, we take a comprehensive look at
experimentation metrics
: the phenomena they capture, how to select the right ones, and how to analyze and interpret them to drive clear, business-aligned decisions.
Understanding experimentation KPI types: binary, continuous, and ratio metrics
When running an A/B test, the impact of an intervention can be reflected in multiple aspects of user behavior, such as conversion rates or spending. In this section, we review the different types of KPIs based on the outcomes they measure. Broadly, KPIs can be classified into three categories: binary, continuous, and ratio metrics. Let’s take a closer look at each one.
Binary metrics
A metric may reduce user behavior to a simple yes-or-no outcome: retained or not, converted or not, clicked or didn’t click. These metrics capture whether a specific action occurred at least once, without reflecting how often it happened or how intense the behavior was. In some cases, the outcome is evaluated at a specific point in time, for example, whether a user is retained after 7 days or 30 days. When that’s the case, the measurement window is usually encoded in the metric name, such as
Retention Day 7
or
D30 retention
.
Binary metrics are widely used because they are easy to interpret and closely aligned with key business questions (e.g., “Did the user convert?”). However, they intentionally compress behavior into a single bit of information, which makes them robust but sometimes less sensitive to subtle changes.
Continuous metrics
These metrics capture nuanced aspects of user behavior and can take a wide range of values. Examples include revenue, time spent on a page, or session duration. Unlike binary metrics, continuous metrics provide richer information about how much or how intensely users engage, rather than just whether they performed a specific action.
The most common approach for analyzing continuous KPIs is to compare group means. However, because the mean aggregates the actual values of the KPI, it is highly sensitive to extreme observations, which can distort results.
To address this concern, in highly skewed distributions, an alternative approach is to analyze quantiles, which rely on the ranking of values rather than their absolute magnitudes. This makes them substantially more robust to outliers. For example, when extreme values are present, focusing on the 50th percentile (the median) can provide a more reliable representation of the typical user.
Quantile-based analysis is also useful when effects are concentrated in specific parts of the distribution. In many cases, changes do not impact the entire population uniformly. For instance, if only a small fraction of users (e.g., ~10%) make purchases in a game, a new feature may primarily affect this subgroup. In such cases, examining upper quantiles (e.g., the 90th percentile) can better capture the true effect than comparing means.
Although this type of analysis is more complex, modern
experimentation
platforms such as GrowthBook provide robust methods for estimating and comparing a range of quantiles.
Continuous metrics are often more closely aligned with key business goals, such as increasing revenue or user engagement. By offering detailed observations of user behavior, they can be a double-edged sword: on one hand, they are more sensitive to subtle changes, enabling the detection of small effects; on the other hand, they often exhibit higher variance, which can make statistical inference more challenging.
Ratio metrics
In some experiments, the focus is not on a single metric but rather on the ratio between two variables. A common example is average revenue per paying user (ARPPU), where total revenue is divided by the number of paying users rather than by the entire user base. Similarly, average revenue per transaction (ARPT) is calculated as total revenue divided by the number of transactions, capturing the monetary value of each purchase event. In these cases, both the numerator and the denominator may vary across experimental groups and should therefore be treated as random variables.
This matters in practice because it affects how you analyze experiment results. When both the numerator (e.g., total revenue) and the denominator (e.g., number of transactions or paying users) can be influenced by the treatment, you should not treat the metric as if it were a simple average. Doing so can lead to incorrect variance estimates and, in turn, misleading statistical significance. Instead,
ratio metrics
require special handling in the analysis stage. A common and recommended approach is to use methods based on the delta method, which properly accounts for the variability in both components and produces more reliable standard errors and inference.
‍
Matching KPI types with statistical tests
While the specific calculations used to analyze KPIs vary by metric type, the underlying logic is largely the same. In this section, we explain how different KPIs are analyzed and present the key formulas used in each case, providing a practical guide for working with common experimental metrics.
The first step is deciding how to
compare the treatment and control groups
. In practice, there are two common ways to express an effect:
Absolute difference between group means
diff = KPI
T
− KPI
C
Relative difference (
experimentation lift
) between group means
lift =
KPI
T
− KPI
C
KPI
C
To understand the difference between these approaches, consider a simple example. Suppose we observe a 2% absolute increase in conversion rate. This change has very different implications depending on the baseline level: if the baseline is 50%, the increase corresponds to a modest 4% relative lift, whereas if the baseline is only 2%, the same absolute increase represents a massive 100% lift.
This example illustrates why relative change is often more informative. By normalizing the effect to the baseline, lift provides a scale-independent measure, making it easier to compare results across KPIs with different magnitudes and aligning more closely with how business performance is typically communicated. That said, absolute differences remain useful because they are expressed in the KPI’s natural units, making them more intuitive and directly interpretable.
When working with relative effects (lift), it is important to note that they are computed differently than absolute differences. Analysts often apply a logarithmic transformation to the ratio, which helps linearize the metric and stabilize its variance, ultimately making statistical inference more reliable.
Regardless of whether you compute absolute or relative difference, the next step is to compute the test statistic, which measures how extreme the observed result is under the assumption of no effect. The logic is straightforward: take the observed effect (whether difference or lift) and divide it by its standard error.
If you are interested in the details behind these calculations, Table 1 summarizes each KPI type and illustrates how the corresponding formulas are applied in practice.
Table 1. Overview of KPI Types and Their Analysis. For the formulas, xᵢ and yᵢ denote individual observations, and n represents the sample size. Subscripts T and C indicate the treatment and control groups, respectively.
The role of KPIs in decision-making: primary, secondary, and guardrail metrics
Understanding KPIs goes beyond knowing what they measure or how to analyze them; it also involves recognizing how they guide experimental decisions. From this perspective, KPIs are typically grouped into
three main categories
.
Primary (goal) metrics
The primary metric is the main measure of success in an experiment, typically one per test. It captures the outcome that matters most for the business, such as conversion rate, revenue, or retention, and ultimately determines whether a change should be launched or rolled back. Statistical testing focuses on this metric, assessing whether the difference between treatment and control is significantly different from zero.
Secondary metrics
Secondary metrics provide context and explanation. They help reveal why a change worked (or didn’t), highlight broader effects, and identify potential trade-offs. Their role is to support interpretation rather than determine the final decision.
Because analyzing many secondary metrics increases the risk of
false positives
, their results should be interpreted cautiously and, when needed, adjusted using
multiple-comparison corrections
.
The purpose of these corrections is to keep the overall error rate under control. In stricter approaches, they ensure that the probability of getting even a single false positive remains below a predefined threshold. A common example is the
Holm–Bonferroni method
, which controls this risk while being less conservative than the standard Bonferroni correction.
Another approach focuses on controlling the proportion of false discoveries among all significant results. Methods such as
Benjamini–Hochberg
ensure that, on average, the fraction of false positives among the detected effects stays below a chosen level.
Guardrail metrics
Guardrail
metrics monitor for unintended harm. They ensure that a change does not negatively affect critical aspects such as user experience, system performance, or long-term business health (e.g., churn, error rates, latency). These metrics are often evaluated using
non-inferiority tests
, where the goal is to confirm that performance does not fall below an acceptable threshold. Guardrail metrics are most effective when standardized across all experiments in an organization, as they help capture common pitfalls that can harm the product across different tests.
Clearly defining these KPI types during experiment setup helps maintain focus and transparency. Experimentation platforms such as
GrowthBook
allow teams to designate primary, secondary, and guardrail metrics when configuring a test, making objectives and evaluation criteria explicit.
How do you choose a primary KPI for experimentation?
While it may be tempting to track many metrics, decisions should be anchored around a single primary KPI. Beyond practical concerns, such as conflicting metrics, there is also a statistical reason: the more metrics analyzed, the greater the chance of observing a “significant” result that is actually random noise.
Choosing a primary KPI requires balancing business relevance with statistical considerations. From a statistical perspective, we prefer metrics that enable powerful tests, those with a high probability of detecting real effects. Power depends mainly on effect size and variance: metrics with larger expected impact and lower variance produce more sensitive tests. Binary metrics often have lower variance, which can make them statistically efficient.
From a business perspective, the KPI should reflect the outcome that truly matters, such as revenue,
retention
, or meaningful engagement. It should be sensitive to the experimental change, measurable within the experiment timeframe, and easily understood by stakeholders so results can translate into decisions.
Although these principles sound straightforward, choosing the right KPI in practice can be challenging. Two common dilemmas illustrate this.
Case 1: Which KPI best represents the goal of the test?
Many experiments influence multiple outcomes. For example, a pricing experiment might measure success as a binary outcome (“did the user purchase?”) or as a continuous metric such as average revenue per user (ARPU). How should you choose between them?
The primary KPI should reflect the experiment’s objective: are you trying to increase the likelihood of purchase, or the amount spent? A clear, well-defined hypothesis is therefore central to selecting the right KPI.
Statistical considerations also matter. Binary KPIs typically have lower variance and require smaller sample sizes, while continuous KPIs capture richer behavior and may reveal larger effects when the intervention changes magnitude rather than just occurrence.
Ultimately, business relevance should come first, but it does not always align with statistical efficiency. For example, the most meaningful KPI may also be the noisiest. When this trade-off arises, techniques such as CUPED or Winsorization (to limit the influence of outliers) can improve efficiency and help preserve metrics that best reflect the true goal of the experiment.
However, these methods should be applied cautiously. For instance, while Winsorization reduces variance, it may also introduce bias by altering the true distribution of the data. Therefore, understanding these tools, their advantages and limitations, is a prerequisite before applying them, and they should always be used with careful judgment.
Case 2: Using a proxy KPI
Sometimes the ideal KPI cannot be measured within the duration of an experiment. For example, if a feature aims to increase annual pass purchases or long-term retention, the true outcome may take months or years to observe.
In such cases, analysts rely on a proxy KPI: a metric that can be measured during the experiment and is strongly correlated with the long-term goal. Examples might include starting the annual pass purchase process, completing a trial membership, or remaining active after the first month. The proxy must be both predictive of the ultimate outcome and responsive to the experimental change.
Importantly, analysts should keep in mind that even if a proxy metric is predictive and responsive, there is no guarantee that the long-term metric will improve, even when the proxy does. Therefore, a good practice is to validate results in the long run, once the true target metric becomes available, to ensure it is also positively affected.
In today’s data-rich environment, the concept of a proxy KPI can be extended to
derived metrics
, more sophisticated measures constructed by processing raw signals rather than directly observing an outcome. While proxy KPIs typically aim to approximate a target that is only observable in the long term, derived metrics often go a step further by capturing complex or latent signals that may not be directly measurable at all.
To achieve this, AI and machine learning techniques are used to synthesize multiple data points into a single, actionable metric. This can include predictive models that estimate a user’s
likelihood to renew
, or automated data labeling approaches that infer higher-level constructs such as
user engagement
. By transforming qualitative interactions into structured data, organizations can build high-sensitivity metrics that surface meaningful behavioral insights that would otherwise remain hidden.
Bottom line on experimentation KPIs
Metrics are more than just measurement tools; the KPI you choose defines what success looks like, which trade-offs you accept, and ultimately, the decisions you make. By understanding different metric types, assigning clear roles (primary, secondary, guardrails), and selecting a primary KPI that balances statistical power with business relevance, you transform experimentation from guesswork into a reliable decision-making process.
Learn more about
experimentation best practices
,
designing A/B testing experiments for long term growth
, and
practical checklist for running A/B tests you can trust
.
‍
Feature Flags
AI
4.4
Product Updates
Featured
Ship fast with a safety net: Feature flag management for the agentic era
May 27, 2026
Topics
Feature Flags
AI
4.4
Product Updates
Featured
Release
Feature Flags
AI
4.4
Product Updates
Featured
Featured
true
Body
AI has empowered developers to build new features faster than ever. What used to take a week can now be shipped in a day. The agentic era has transformed the way engineers work, but shipping fast without the proper guardrails can quickly lead to incidents.
GrowthBook Feature Flags
set your whole team up for the pace and volume of today’s development lifecycle.
The safety net for rapid AI development
Feature flags allow modern teams to ship fast while maintaining control. The best practice is straightforward: wrap every feature behind a flag so you can ship at scale and roll back the moment something breaks. But as teams scale and AI agents become more deeply embedded in workflows, ad-hoc flag management breaks down.
Without the right metrics monitored on every release, something that breaks in production could go undetected for weeks or even months before you realize the problem. By that point, dozens of other features may have shipped, making it difficult to identify which change is actually the culprit. Smaller failures compound the problem. Someone forgets to increment a rollout. A flag that should have been deleted six months ago is still sitting in production. Each rollout follows a different process depending on who is running it.
Consistency and guardrails are what enable teams to safely keep pace with the compressed development cycles that come with AI coding. Feature flags should be baked into the agent's coding workflow for every new feature, creating a safety net where guardrail metrics monitor performance and auto roll back if something degrades.
With that net in place, teams can move quickly, confident that bad releases will get caught early and rolled back. Humans can then focus on where judgment is actually needed, such as deciding which guardrail metrics matter, reviewing whether the rollout plan aligns to the risk, and approving changes that warrant human review.
Modern teams need enterprise-class flag management with the controls and governance to ship safely at AI speed. That’s where GrowthBook comes in.
GrowthBook 4.4: Safe and standardized feature flag management at scale
GrowthBook 4.4
extends our feature flag platform with 3 major new capabilities: release plans with automated ramp schedules, configurable approval workflows, and enhanced stale feature flag detection through expanded REST API and MCP server endpoints. 4.4 also includes SDK cache improvements, metadata in SDK payloads, a namespace overhaul, and more. Together, these controls turn feature flag management into a repeatable, scalable practice that lets you move quickly while de-risking every release.
Release plans with ramp schedules: Standardize and automate your rollout
In 4.4, we’re introducing release plans with ramp schedules: automated, staged rollout plans attached to a feature flag. Release plans make it fast and easy to define a standardized schedule and rollout process into a reusable template that everyone on your team can follow, with guardrails built in so safety is a standard part of how features are released.
You define the stages, set the percentages, time intervals, and guardrails, and GrowthBook executes the plan automatically. Choose from preset templates or build your own to target specific user groups and attributes. You can also gate individual stages of your release plan by prerequisite features or by the specific feature value a user is currently assigned.
With manual feature rollouts, you can run into two types of problems. Either someone forgets to increment the percentage, and a feature sits at a given stage indefinitely. Or someone moves too fast, and a problem that should have been caught at 10% instead hits 50% of users. Release plans keep rollouts from stalling at an early stage or accelerating past the point where a problem could have been caught. Build in approval requirements at specific stages based on your risk tolerance, requiring the rollout to pause for review and manual approval before advancing. You can also attach guardrail metrics so the feature auto-rolls back if any of them degrade, catching problems automatically between approval gates.
Best practices for designing a release plan
Guardrails help your team feel confident about shipping, and combining them with human approval gates ensures there are no gaps.
Start simple and don't over-engineer your first release plan.
Build out your process as you go, learning what works and what doesn't with each release.
Choose guardrail metrics your team is aligned on
Pair guardrail metrics with approval gates where it makes sense.
Once you have a process that works, standardize it as a default template with versions for different risk profiles or product needs (high risk, low risk, internal-only, etc.) Treat these templates as living artifacts and evolve them as your team learns what works and what areas need improvement.
Sample release plans
Rollout processes vary by team, product, and risk tolerance. Release plans are flexible enough to fit whatever process your team uses and ensure every rollout follows that process consistently, no matter who is running it. Below are two of the most common patterns we see, and how to structure a release plan for each.
Example 1: Simple percentage rollout
A simple percentage rollout is where you expose a small percentage of users before gradually going wider. Set approval gates at key checkpoints to enforce a metrics review and manual approval before committing to broader rollout.
Example 2: Segmented rollout
A segmented rollout lets you control who gets access first, reducing risk to your highest-value users. For instance, you may opt to roll out a feature to free users before paid. Free users are valuable, but the risk of churn or revenue impact is lower than with paying customers. By the time you're ramping up paid users, you've already caught the obvious issues.
You may segment by
any attribute available in GrowthBook
, including location, device type, browser, user group, and more. Start simple or build in as much complexity as you need. You can also apply guardrails to specific stages; for example, you might be okay rolling the feature out to free users, but want it to auto-rollback if metrics degrade when it hits paid users.
The release plan with ramp schedules feature is available in the
GrowthBook Pro and Enterprise plans
.
Flag revisions, approvals, audit logs: maintain control and visibility
Feature flag revisions
When someone changes a feature flag, a draft revision can be submitted for review to approve or request changes. On approval, the change is published to the SDK. Nothing goes out unreviewed unless you want it to.
Flag revisions provide a complete audit trail, capturing who changed a flag, what they changed, and when they changed it. When something breaks, you get instant visibility into what recently changed. As multiple people manage flags over time, revisions also preserve the intent and context behind each change.
GrowthBook maintains a version history of all previous revisions of a feature flag over time, so you always maintain a clear picture of how a flag has evolved over time.
The revision feature is available for feature flags in all
GrowthBook plans
.
Feature flag approval workflows
Approval requirements are configurable per project and per environment, giving you the flexibility to require review gates where they make sense. For example, you can require approvals for production while letting staging updates flow freely.
GrowthBook 4.4 expands the scope of approval requirements. Previously, approval workflows applied only to changes to rules and values. Now, you can also require approvals for environment kill switches, pre-requisites, saved groups, and metadata changes. This gives more granular control over what can happen without a review.
These approval workflows help teams move fast with the right safety checks at the right time, making governance tunable to your team’s needs. This level of control is especially important when agents are acting on your behalf. Agents can create drafts for all these change types and require human approval. The separation is clear and enforced, so your governance is applied to the full scope of what an agent can touch.
The feature flag approval workflow feature is available in the
GrowthBook Enterprise plan
.
Audit logs
For teams with
compliance requirements
, the audit log provides the paper trail without any extra process. They provide a timestamped record of every feature flag event, including changes, approvals, publishes, creation, and more.
You may also expand for a more detailed view of the specific changes made for each event.
The audit log feature is available in
all GrowthBook plans
.
Stale feature flag cleanup with agents
GrowthBook categorizes a feature flag as stale if it hasn't been updated in 2 weeks and is not active in any environment, or if there is a one-sided rule that sends 100% of traffic to a single variation.
GrowthBook 4.4 also introduces support for teams using AI coding tools like Claude Code or Cursor to
detect and remove stale flags
that have outlived their purpose. Using GrowthBook's
MCP server
or REST API, you can prompt an agent to surface every stale flag in your environment, returning it as a reviewable table with additional context on why the flag is being surfaced as stale. Once you've decided which flags to remove, write a follow-up prompt asking the agent to locate and remove those flag references from your codebase to eliminate technical debt in one pass.
The same endpoints can also surface ambiguous flags that don't definitively meet the stale definition, but show signs they may no longer be in use. Examples include: flags with no rules defined, abandoned drafts, or disabled environments. Results come back as a table you can review to decide which flags genuinely need cleanup and which are still doing real work.
Stale flags create real risk: technical debt, performance overhead, and accidental production changes. Stale and ambiguous feature flag detection together help simplify flag hygiene by surfacing the flags worth reviewing, with enough context to tell what's truly orphaned and what's still needed in production.
The stale feature flag cleanup feature is available in
all GrowthBook plans
.
REST API and MCP server endpoints
In 4.4, we expanded our REST API and MCP server endpoints across the feature flagging surface. Anything your team can do in the GrowthBook app,
AI agents can now do
through the API or MCP server: create flags, manage revisions, configure release plans, set targeting rules, locate stale flags, and more.
The same permissions, approval workflows, and audit logs apply to every API- or MCP-prompted action. Whether a human triggers a change from the UI or an agent runs it from your editor, it goes through the same review gate and shows up in the same audit log. Agents get the same platform and the same accountability as your team, with the scoping and guardrails calibrated for how they work.
The REST API & MCP Server endpoints are available in
all GrowthBook plans
.
Built for the way modern teams ship
The pace of development has fundamentally changed with AI, and the controls around how teams ship need to evolve with it. Teams need to move fast, test everything, ship safely, and roll back at the first sign of trouble.
GrowthBook 4.4 gives engineering and product teams the building blocks to do exactly that: a repeatable rollout process accessible through the app, REST API, or the MCP server. Whether the change comes from an engineer, a product manager, or an AI agent, the process holds.
‍
Releases
Product Updates
4.4
Featured
GrowthBook 4.4: Product development at AI speed
May 27, 2026
Topics
Releases
Product Updates
4.4
Featured
Release
Releases
Product Updates
4.4
Featured
Featured
true
Body
We got a little carried away. 426 pull requests and 351,114 lines later, GrowthBook 4.4 delivers a
rebuilt API
with broad coverage to support programmatic use of GrowthBook, a conversational
AI Data Analyst
for self-serve product analytics, and
ramp schedules
that make targeted, time-based rollouts repeatable and safe.
Writing software with AI agents is the new standard, and this release fully positions teams to take advantage of new approaches to developing and shipping products with AI. We’ve rebuilt the foundations of our API and extended its coverage so that teams can work with GrowthBook however they choose, whether through the UI or agentic tools. We work with the leading AI companies, and we’re excited to keep building out features that make it easier to ship faster, more confidently.
Version 4.4 is available immediately to both our cloud and self-hosted users.
Experimentation: An API-first lifecycle
Experimentation has assumed a human is in the loop at every step:
Writing the hypothesis
Configuring the test
Reading the results
Deciding what to ship.
That assumption is breaking down.
Teams are pushing experimentation into agent-assisted and automated workflows. With GrowthBook 4.4, you can work programmatically at any stage of the lifecycle you choose to, from setup and operation to decision.
In 4.4, the
REST API
surface was rebuilt on
Zod
-driven endpoints. Zod is a schema library: define the shape of an API once, and the TypeScript types, runtime validation, and OpenAPI docs all generate from the same definition. They can't drift apart. That makes the experiment lifecycle a real programmable workflow instead of a collection of endpoints with a spec that lags behind reality.
Set up and launch experiments from a template
Templates
encode your organization's standards: statistical methods, metric selection, guardrails, and the defaults a practitioner would otherwise select manually. Agents create experiments against those templates over REST. You get consistent experiment design at agent speed, with your rigor baked in.
In 4.4, an agent can pull the
pre-launch checklist
, see what passes and fails, and mark manual items complete. That covers automated checks for metrics defined, variations configured, and targeting set, plus any manual checks your team has added.
Observe experiments at the scale of your program
Instead of clicking through the UI to view every running experiment, your agents make a single endpoint round-trip. That call returns estimated completion times, metric direction, and any guardrail issues for every experiment at once. Snapshots, status, and results work the same way: one call across the program, not one per experiment.
Analyze, decide, and ship
Reports are a new first-class API resource in 4.4. An agent can build a persistent analysis from an experiment, customizing metric overrides, analysis settings, or dimension breakdowns. The report stays put, and doesn't get overwritten by the next snapshot. An agent can hand a report URL to a stakeholder, refresh it on demand, and link back to it from a write-up.
From the report, the agent reads results against your team's decision criteria and concludes the experiment programmatically, setting the winner, results, and analysis summary in one call.
Watch our Head of Experimentation, Luke Sonnet, set up and launch an experiment with Claude Code.
Bandits without sticky bucketing
Multi-armed bandits
fit when you want continuous learning and traffic reallocation without the time cost of a full A/B test. That profile shows up frequently in AI application work: model selection, prompt comparison, response ranking. Until now, adopting bandits in GrowthBook meant setting up sticky bucketing first. Now, bandits are easier to set up, and we expect that teams building AI-powered products will use them extensively.
Product Analytics: Structured exploration with an AI-native interface
‍
Analytics has three different bottlenecks, and traditional tools built around SQL and a dashboarding UI don't address any of them well.
Non-data teams need to self-serve analysis on product metrics without queuing behind the data team.
Repetitive review workflows run the same explorations over and over.
Agents in the loop need programmatic access to metric data data, fact tables, and experiment results.
All three converge at the same place: the data team becomes a bottleneck for work that structured, repeatable tooling should handle. GrowthBook 4.4 introduces a new AI Data Analyst to improve self-serve analysis, and makes it explore data without SQL.
AI Data Analyst (beta)
The
AI Data Analyst
is a conversational AI assistant for Product Analytics. Ask a question in plain language, like “What’s our DAU trend by country” or “How is our model playground engagement rate compared to API key creation,” and get back charts and insights built with tooling specific to GrowthBook’s metrics, fact tables, and data sources. Product managers, marketers, and others can self-serve their questions without writing SQL or filing tickets with the data team.
It's in beta, and we want to hear how you're using it. Ask it real questions, try out your actual workflows, and let us know what we can improve.
Explorations
Suppose you want to understand the change in daily active users of a new search feature, broken out by plan tier. GrowthBook’s
Explorer
lets you create charts (Explorations) from your warehouse data through a visual interface. Select your metric, dimensions, and date range to generate a chart that you can share or save. Or run the same exploration over the API and get the chart data back, plus a deep link to open it in GrowthBook.
Product Analytics over MCP and API
Every exploration is now addressable through the MCP server and REST API. Queries run the same way whether they come from a person clicking through the UI or an automated workflow calling the endpoint.
Feature flagging: Safer flags, for whoever's shipping them
AI-assisted software development has rapidly increased the amount of code written and features deployed. Teams need
flag infrastructure
and governance that scale with the automation, so that problems like premature rollouts and flag sprawl don’t scale right alongside feature development.
GrowthBook 4.4 includes safety and governance features to prevent these failure types, and automated stale flag cleanup to mitigate flag sprawl in existing codebases.
Ramp schedules
Targeted releases now include automated, time-based rollouts with fine-grained controls and optional approval steps. Each step supports its own targeting in addition to a traffic percentage, so a canonical rollout might look like:
Internal employees for 24 hours
Free tier at 25%
Free tier at 100%
Paid tier at 25%
Paid tier at 100%,
This is particularly useful for AI model and prompt deployments, where you want time between each exposure before widening the blast radius. With monitored ramp schedules, you can attach guardrail metrics and automatically hold, advance, or roll back releases. With reusable templates, teams codify standard rollout shapes they want to apply to new features quickly.
Revisions and approval controls
Approval flows
are built directly into the flag change lifecycle, with REST coverage (in beta) for revisions, reviews, and approvals. When a change comes in, it goes through the same review gate regardless of origin. The same guardrails apply whether the change comes from a teammate or an automated process.
Fully automated stale flag cleanup
Engineering teams often find their codebases bloated with quietly accumulated stale flags, which drive significant technical debt. Cleanup is handled in occasional tech debt sprints or just perpetually deferred.
This release adds an endpoint for
stale flag detection
, which lets an AI agent run an entire cleanup process. An agent or tool can pull stale flags by API, provide a reviewable list, then find and clean up flag references in your codebase as you decide what to remove. Automating the cleanup process removes a major source of compounding debt, especially for large enterprise teams.
Read more on what's changed, including feature flag change comparisons, audit logs, and approval workflows in our
feature flag deep dive
.
Ship, test, measure, and decide at a new pace
GrowthBook was built for teams that ship product with discipline: engineering teams with release processes, data teams defining metrics and guardrails, and product teams trying to move fast without losing rigor. Our 4.4 release extends the same principles to the agents now working alongside all of them.
The changes across experimentation, feature flags, and product analytics connect. A programmable experiment lifecycle, analytics you can query by agent, and flag infrastructure with real approval controls form one continuous workflow: ship, test, measure, decide. Whether a product team runs it manually or an automated pipeline runs it continuously, the underlying system works the same way.
Faster iteration. Same rigor and safety.
What's next
See the
full 4.4 release notes
→
Read the
feature flagging deep dive
→
Talk to our team
→
The Edge Podcast
Experiments
How DoorDash runs 12,000 experiments per year across a 3-sided marketplace
May 27, 2026
Topics
The Edge Podcast
Experiments
Release
The Edge Podcast
Experiments
Featured
false
Body
Most experimentation platforms optimize for one user.
DoorDash
optimizes for 3.
Ilya Izrailevsky
, senior engineering manager leading DoorDash's experimentation platform, joined me on
The Experimentation Edge
to share how he runs a testing program that processed 12,000 experiments last year across 42 million monthly active users. At peak, the platform handles 300 million feature flag evaluations per second. But scale isn't the hard part.
The hard part is that every experiment has to satisfy 3 competing interests:
Consumers who want fast, cheap delivery
Dashers who want high earnings and low idle time
Merchants who want order volume without inventory depletion
"We don't have one magic number or metric that we're going after," Ilya told me. "We need to balance between consumers, dashers, and our merchants."
Ilya brings experimentation experience from Amazon, Robinhood, Uber, Intuit, and PayPal. He's lived on both sides of the fence — building experimentation platforms and using them to optimize search and recommendation systems. At Amazon, he led machine learning automation for e-commerce search, running tests that narrowed billions of products down to the 10–20 results customers actually see.
Now at DoorDash, he's scaling experimentation in 4 dimensions at once: democratization (enabling non-technical users to run tests), global expansion (40+ countries), new verticals (grocery, electronics, retail), and AI-powered growth.
🎧 Listen to the full episode →
The CEO reads every experiment result
DoorDash is an operations-driven, data-driven company. That's not marketing speak. After every experiment — win or loss — the team sends results company-wide. CEO Tony Xu reads them. He replies. He congratulates teams. He suggests alternative approaches.
"This really builds a culture that experimentation is encouraged and everything we do should be through experiment," Ilya said.
It's a pattern I keep seeing: the strongest experimentation programs have CEO-level engagement with test results. When leadership reads the details, the rest of the company follows.
One size does not fit all (even within your own product)
DoorDash launched beyond restaurants into grocery, electronics, and retail. The default delivery radius was 11 miles. The team hypothesized that expanding the radius would increase selection and drive more orders.
They were half right.
The expanded radius worked for grocery stores. For retail and clothing, it killed order volume. Customers didn't want to pay higher delivery fees for a $20 T-shirt from 15 miles away. The noise from distant stores degraded the experience.
"One size really does not fit all," Ilya said. "You have to really look at different types of verticals and understand the customer behavior."
The team killed the experiment. But the learning stuck: they now segment by vertical and test category-specific behaviors. Your intuition doesn't matter. Test it.
A "failed" experiment that saved thousands of subscriptions per week
DoorDash offers DashPass, a $10/month subscription that waives delivery fees and unlocks perks. It's similar to Amazon Prime. At one point, churn spiked. Subscribers were canceling.
The team ran an experiment: at the point of cancellation, show users the value they'd received. If you order more than 3 times per month, you've already recouped the fee. Plus streaming perks. Plus faster shipping.
The intervention saved thousands of DashPass subscriptions per week.
But the real learning was bigger. Customers didn't realize the value they were getting. So DoorDash created an entire product area around proactive DashPass messaging — checkout flows, confirmation screens, and monthly recaps. The experiment didn't just save subscriptions. It created a roadmap.
"There's no such thing as a failed experiment," Ilya said. "Every experiment is a learning opportunity."
Protecting the 3-sided marketplace
Because DoorDash is a marketplace, every experiment has to protect 3 constituencies. The team uses separate success metrics for each:
Consumers:
Order quality, reliability, satisfaction, retention
Dashers:
Earnings, utilization (time spent idle), fairness (order distribution)
Merchants:
Order mix (avoiding inventory depletion on one SKU), unit economics, long-term business growth
Guardrail metrics protect the rest of the ecosystem. A test that boosts consumer conversion but tanks dasher earnings gets killed. A test that increases merchant orders but hurts order mix gets reworked.
"It's in our interest for them to be successful," Ilya said, referring to merchants. "We want to have that mixture of different types of orders that people try out."
This is the classic explore-exploit trade-off applied to a marketplace. If you only show what customers have already ordered, they get bored. If you only show new things, they don't convert. Balance matters.
Democratization: From PhDs to product managers
Right now, engineers instrument experiments in mobile, web, and backend code. Data scientists and analysts interpret results. It works, but it doesn't scale.
Ilya's team is building what he calls "opinionated experiment templates" — pre-configured tests with embedded success and guardrail metrics. The goal: let product managers, designers, advertisers, marketers, and business operations teams run their own experiments without needing a PhD in statistics.
But the real moonshot? Enabling merchants to run their own tests.
"We'd like restaurant or store owners to be able to run their own experiments — on promotions, prices, menu items — so they can attract more customers to their local stores," Ilya said.
If it works, it's a win across the board. Customers get more selection. Dashers get more orders. Merchants grow their businesses. DoorDash processes more volume.
AI throughout the experimentation lifecycle
DoorDash is using AI in 3 ways:
‍
Institutional knowledge mining:
Past experiments inform new hypotheses. AI surfaces what worked and what didn't.
‍
Agentic setup and debugging:
AI helps non-technical users configure tests, detect imbalance issues, and fix SRM violations.
‍
Automated readouts:
AI generates experiment summaries for the company-wide emails that the CEO reads.
"AI can help you do a lot of research and give you insights, but at the end of the day, humans need to make calls," Ilya said. "Humans are always at the helm."
The barrier to shipping features has dropped. AI makes it easier to build. That means more features. Which means more tests. Which means experimentation platforms have to scale with AI-powered growth, not just headcount.
What's next
Ilya sees 4 scaling dimensions ahead:
Democratization:
Self-serve experimentation for non-technical users
Global scale:
40+ countries, each with different customer behaviors
Vertical expansion:
Grocery, electronics, retail — each with different unit economics
AI-powered growth:
More features, more tests, more automation
The platform is already handling 300 million evaluations per second. The next challenge isn't technical capacity. It's making sure every experiment — across every vertical, in every country, for every user type — delivers real customer value.
Because at DoorDash, experimentation isn't the goal. Customer impact is. Experimentation is just the vehicle.
Want to scale your experimentation program like DoorDash?
Listen to
my conversation with Ilya
on The Experimentation Edge podcast. And if you are building your own experimentation program,
GrowthBook
gives you the platform to run, analyze, and learn from every experiment at scale.
Feature Flags
Featured
How to implement feature flags at scale
May 26, 2026
Topics
Feature Flags
Featured
Release
Feature Flags
Featured
Featured
true
Body
Creating your first
feature flag
is straightforward. You wrap a new feature in a conditional, roll it out to a small group of users, and monitor the results. It works well, and it’s easy to manage.
Then you add a second flag, then a third. Eventually, your team starts rolling out new features behind flags or testing their performance through percentage rollouts. It doesn’t take too long for feature flags to become a critical part of your infrastructure. But handling 10 flags versus 1000 flags is a whole different ballgame.
Even though they give you speed and control, at scale, they need better governance and architecture to keep delivering on that promise.
In this guide, we’ll explain how you can scale feature flag implementation and what to expect while doing so.
What are feature flags?
A feature flag is an if/else statement in your code that controls whether a feature is visible or active for a given user or segment in a specific environment. Instead of shipping a feature to everyone at once, you wrap it behind a flag and decide who sees it and when.
Note:
If you’re new to the concept or need a refresher, check out our
complete guide to feature flags
that covers the fundamentals.
Watch here to learn more about
how to use feature flags with GrowthBook
Why do product and engineering teams use feature flags?
Initially, feature flags were used as a convenience. But today, they’re central to how high-performing
product
and
engineering teams
ship software. Here are a few reasons why:
Decoupling deployment from release
: You can merge code to production without exposing it to users, so your deploy and release schedules don’t have to be the same. It changes the way you think about risk because deployment becomes a routine event. It’s not something that you have to worry about with bated breath.
Faster iteration cycles:
When you use feature flags, you can roll out features to a small user segment, test their performance, assess their viability, and decide whether to roll them out to every user much faster. Instead of weeks to test and make changes, you can do it in days. If something goes wrong, all you have to do is flip the flag.
Enables continuous delivery:
Without flags, continuous delivery often stops at the "deploy frequently" part because teams can’t separate shipping code from exposing it to users. Flags remove that bottleneck. You can merge to main multiple times a day while keeping everything behind flags. Only release when the feature is ready, not when the sprint ends.
Better experimentation infrastructure
:
You can
A/B test
a new checkout flow or gradually roll out a backend migration to 5% of traffic before going wider. You learn on the go, and feature flags become the delivery mechanism for that purpose. The more you learn, the better the results (and user experience) over time.
Why is it important to implement feature flags at scale?
When you’re a small team shipping a single product, feature flags work well. It’s simple to use because there are only a handful of engineers and maybe a few product managers. So everyone knows which flags are live in the codebase, and they share a clear understanding of what’s happening.
But the real test comes when your organization starts growing. As your team grows, so does the deployment frequency. While you were creating maybe 10 flags a week, now you’re creating 10 flags a day to improve velocity and software quality.
In short,
the more complex your product gets, the more complex your feature flagging practices become.
Without the right systems in place, feature and flag management start slowing you down. The very tool that was supposed to “accelerate” delivery introduces friction you didn’t anticipate.
As a result, you can expect problems like:
Increasing technical debt as
stale flags
pile up in your codebase.
Higher release risk because nobody knows which flags are active or who owns them.
Inconsistent app behavior because the same flag evaluates differently across environments.
The
Knight Capital
precedent from 2012 is an unfortunate yet excellent example of how it can impact your business. It lost $460 million in 45 minutes after a deployment reactivated an obsolete feature flag tied to an old trading algorithm. Nobody removed the older flag, so when an engineer reused the same name, it pulled the older flag and started running unnecessary trades.
Even though this was an extreme case, it shows what’s
really
possible when you don’t have the right guardrails in place to govern flag management.
What challenges should you expect when scaling feature flags?
Here are a few issues you can expect while scaling feature flag usage:
Flag sprawl and lifecycle neglect
You’re expected to keep creating and using feature flags. But the problem comes in when you forget to retire or archive them. Over time, you end up with a growing layer of dead code.
It’ll make your app harder to test and harder to understand why things are going wrong. Typically, it’s best to keep the stale flag percentage under 15%. But most sit above 40%, if not 50%, because they can’t keep up with it manually. That’s why organizations like Uber had to build their own tool,
Piranha
, to remove 2,000 stale flags.
Learn more about when most
companies adopt feature flags
.
Ownership and cross-team coordination
In a small team, everyone knows who created which flag. In a larger organization, that tribal knowledge sits in a few engineers’ heads. Managing
all
the flags becomes harder, especially when multiple teams share the same service.
A 2021 study found that
25% of development effort
is focused only on technical debt-related issues. When no one knows which targeting rules conflict with each other or who owns a flag, you can only expect to spend
more
time fixing problems.
Performance at scale
Flag evaluation happens on every request. When you’re running flags at a small scale, the overhead is barely noticeable. But at thousands of evaluations per second, it can become a different story.
For example, if your evaluation logic makes a remote API call to determine a flag’s state, it’ll add latency to every API response and page load. Even with reliable connectivity, you can still expect flickering and performance issues, whether you evaluate flags remotely or locally.
Tip:
GrowthBook offers local SDK-based evaluation with ultralightweight
SDKs
(13.6kB zipped) to avoid flickering. Its SDKs also cache flag definitions locally with stale-while-revalidate semantics, so even if your connection to GrowthBook drops, your flags keep evaluating correctly.
User experience complexity
When you’re running dozens of flags simultaneously, it becomes genuinely difficult to know what any given user is actually seeing. You may not be able to answer questions like:
Which flags are active for a user with a specific set of attributes?
Which experiments are they enrolled in?
Are two flags interacting to create a combination nobody has tested?
This is where simulation and diagnostic tooling becomes valuable. Platforms like GrowthBook let you preview what a specific user profile would experience before pushing a change live. And its
Feature Evaluation Diagnostics
show exactly why a flag was evaluated the way it was for a given user in production.
You can even pair this with the
GrowthBook MCP Server
to debug flag behavior directly from tools like Cursor or Claude Code. This helps you avoid dealing with UX bugs that are hard to debug in production because they’re so subtle—or even invisible in some cases.
Fragmented flagging and experimentation tools
Many engineering and product teams start with separate tools for feature flags and
experimentation
. As a result, you maintain two sets of SDKs and dashboards, which makes it harder to connect feature rollout to experimental results. Let’s say you roll out a new checkout flow to 10% of traffic and the conversion rate drops. If you don’t have the right connected tooling in place, you won’t find out until it makes a serious dent in your revenue.
As you scale flag usage, these issues get worse and harder to wrangle. More flags means more rollouts happening simultaneously, and without a shared data layer, you have no systematic way to know whether any of them are helping or hurting.
7 best practices for feature flagging at scale
Here’s how you can implement feature flags at scale with confidence:
1. Design a scalable architecture
The single most impactful decision you’ll make is how your SDK evaluates flags.
There are two models that you can consider:
Remote evaluation
makes a network call to a central service every time your application checks a flag. It’s easier to set up, but each call adds latency, which causes flickering. If that service goes down, your flags stop working.
Local evaluation
downloads flag definitions upfront and evaluates them in-process, with no network calls at runtime. The SDK has everything in its memory, so flag checks happen in sub-milliseconds. That’s why GrowthBook’s SDKs use this model because we believe that your application should never depend on GrowthBook being available.
But the evaluation model alone isn't the only thing you should look at. At scale, you also need caching at multiple layers of your architecture. For instance, CDN for serving flag definitions and distributed caching (like Redis) for microservice environments.
GrowthBook supports caching at every layer, including edge SDKs for Cloudflare Workers, Vercel Edge, and AWS Lambda@Edge. The cached rules update automatically in the background via streaming or polling, so the changes you make propagate within seconds.
Learn more about
Client Side Feature Flagging
.
2. Establish governance and ownership
You don’t want to work in a system where everyone can make changes, and no one takes responsibility for anything. That’s how incidents happen. Consider using measures like:
Using a naming convention:
A pattern like {type}-{team}-{feature}-{context} gives anyone on your team enough context to understand what a flag does without opening a dashboard.
Assign ownership:
Every flag should get an assigned owner at creation, and that owner is responsible for cleanup. Then layer in role-based access control (RBAC) to limit access to the right stakeholders.
Set up governance documentation:
Define naming and usage conventions to ensure everyone knows how things work in your organization.
Set up additional guardrails:
You need to make sure your dependencies are accounted for while working with feature flags. For instance,
prerequisite flags
let you define dependencies between flags where a dependent feature only activates when its parent flag is enabled, which prevents invalid state combinations in complex systems.
3. Manage the feature flag lifecycle
Every flag should have a planned end date—unless it’s a long-lived flag like a kill switch. So, set expiration dates when you create the flag so that you know when its usage has run its course.
GrowthBook shows you exactly which flags are active but stale automatically
‍
Source
A good rule of thumb for release and experiment flags is to keep them on for 90 days.
4. Implement clean coding patterns
If you scatter raw if/else checks throughout your codebase, the flag’s logic can get mixed up with business logic. To avoid this, wrap flag evaluations in a centralized function or class. Instead of allowing if (flagService.isEnabled(’new-checkout’)) to appear in 12 different files, call it featureGates.showNewCheckout() from one place. Testing and cleanup get easier when you have to update in one location.
Also, create flags that serve a single purpose. If it controls too many unrelated behaviors or develops dependencies, you won’t be able to control where it gets used.
5. Integrate feature flags into CI/CD
Your pipeline already gates what code reaches production. Feature flags extend that control to what users actually experience after deployment.
For instance, you should run automated tests in both flag states (on and off) to understand its behavior. You’d be surprised how often code works fine with a flag enabled but breaks when it’s disabled.
6. Monitor, observe, and debug
You wouldn’t ship a feature without logging and monitoring. Feature flags deserve the same treatment. Start by monitoring flag evaluation events to see which user saw which flag state and when. It’ll give you the audit trail you need to debug issues later.
If you want a more sophisticated setup, consider integrating observability tools with your feature flagging solution or using one with built-in observability. This way, you can see what went wrong and its impact in real-time.
GrowthBook offers a Features Diagnostics feature that lets you view flag evaluation events and troubleshoot as needed.
Source
7. Enable progressive delivery
Instead of shipping to 100% of users and hoping for the best, use a gradual rollout method. Start by rolling out to 1% of users, then 5%, 10%, and so on. The next step is connecting your rollouts to guardrail metrics. This enables automated monitoring that surfaces warnings if a rollout degrades key signals like error rates, latency, or conversion.
GrowthBook's
Safe Rollouts
help you do this. You can define the metrics that matter, and the platform watches them as you ramp up traffic. If something degrades, you see it in the rollout dashboard before it becomes an incident in production.
Over time,
adopt progressive delivery
methods like canary releases and blue-green deployments to reduce deployment risk.
Related reading:
12 Common Feature Flag Mistakes to Avoid
How to choose a feature flag platform for scaled usage?
Here are a few factors to consider when you’re choosing a feature flagging platform:
Architecture and performance
Look for local SDK-based evaluation rather than server-side API calls on every request. You’ll experience sub-millisecond evaluation times, which influences your app’s experience.
Also, caching and offline support are table stakes for any latency-sensitive application. A platform that evaluates flags locally means your application keeps working even if the vendor's servers are temporarily unavailable.
If the platform doesn’t separate its read and write systems, ask how it handles load at scale.
SDK and platform support
You need SDKs that cover your full stack: backend, frontend, mobile, and edge. Platforms like
GrowthBook offer 24+ SDKs
that provide wide coverage while maintaining a consistent experience across different environments.
Also, make sure the flags behave the same way irrespective of which SDK you use. You don’t want to keep resolving bugs just because you use a different language for your app.
Governance and access control
Without governance, it’s impossible to scale. That’s why, at a minimum, you want:
Role-based access control (RBAC) to make sure only the right team members have access to sensitive controls.
Approval workflows to allow senior team members to review changes before they go live.
Audit logs and change history to see what’s happening and when—which is useful for compliance audits too.
Clear ownership assignment per flag so that responsibility is spread across the team.
Prerequisite flag support to define dependencies between flags, preventing invalid state combinations in complex systems.
You can request certain changes to be reviewed before they’re deployed into different environments
‍
Source
Lifecycle management
The platform should make it easy to track flag status (active, stale, archived), set expiration dates, and surface unused flags for cleanup. These days, you can even connect to
Claude or Cursor via an MCP
and see where flags are referenced in your codebase, so look for capabilities like these to make it easier to manage flags.
Targeting and rollout capabilities
The ideal feature flagging platform should let you target users or environments. This capability is a building block for progressive delivery and robust experimentation.
At a minimum, the platform should support attribute-based targeting with AND/OR logic where you can target users by:
Geography
Device type
Subscription tier
Company ID
Custom attributes
Here’s an example of what it looks like in GrowthBook. Within the platform you can even use Saved Groups to save time when the same targeting criteria apply across multiple flags. Another key capability is that when you use percentage-based rollouts, it uses deterministic hashing so the same user always gets the same variant, without requiring server-side session storage.
Examples of targeting and rollout capabilities within GrowthBook
‍
Source
Experimentation
You might not need experimentation today, but choosing a platform that supports it natively means you won’t have to rip out your flagging infrastructure when you do. With GrowthBook, any feature flag can become a measurable A/B test without changing your instrumentation or adding a second vendor.
If you plan to run A/B tests or more complex tests, such as multivariate or
CUPED
tests, look for native experimentation support.
Everything should come out of the box, helping you avoid connecting too many tools just to test performance. For example, GrowthBook links
feature flags to experimental capabilities
, so you can modify source code without switching between platforms.
Example of experimentation results within GrowthBook’s platform
‍
Source
Data ownership and deployment model
If you’re in a regulated industry like
fintech
, you need to make sure your platform of choice has a self-hosted option. It’s important to meet your compliance requirements—as data transfer or movement of any kind can introduce security risks.
For instance, GrowthBook offers
warehouse-native experimentation
and self-hosted options, which means you can run complex tests without sending your data to a third-party tool. Self-hosting solves compliance at the architecture level because end-user PII doesn’t leave your environment during flag evaluation.
And by connecting directly to your existing
data warehouse
like Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift, ClickHouse, Databricks, and others, your rollouts will be informed by your actual data.
Integration with your existing stack
Make sure the platform also integrates with tools you already use, like:
CI/CD pipelines (
Command Line Interface
)
Observability tools (
Datadog
, New Relic)
Communication tools (
Slack
,
Discord
)
Infrastructure-as-code compatibility
AI MCPs
(Claude or Cursor)
Also consider vendor lock-in risk. Platforms that support the OpenFeature standard which is the CNCF specification for vendor-agnostic feature flag APIs give you a migration path if your needs change. For instance, GrowthBook supports
OpenFeature
with official providers for Java, Python, Go, .NET, and JavaScript. It also includes built-in migration tools for teams coming from
LaunchDarkly
or
Statsig
.
Cost and scalability of pricing
Look for a pricing model that fits your usage patterns. If you have very high-traffic websites or apps, it doesn’t make sense to go for a per-event or pay-as-you-go model. In fact, a
fixed per-user cost
might be a better option to control costs.
Note:
While some platforms work well for small teams but force a migration when you outgrow them, others are built for enterprise but are painful to adopt. The ideal platform scales from your first flag to billions of daily evaluations without requiring a switch.
In fact, GrowthBook’s customers include teams processing 3+ billion evaluations per day on self-hosted instances and that’s because they built with scale in mind.
How Dropbox implemented feature flagging at scale
It’s one thing to talk about best practices in theory. However, it’s another to see them working at the scale of 700 million registered users.
Dropbox
faced a problem that many growing companies run into. Their experimentation infrastructure had become fragmented through acquisitions. This meant they were managing too many platforms, including Stormcrow, their homegrown solution. And it resulted in challenges like:
Increasing costs due to managing the flagging solution internally
Dealing with long analysis periods, which delayed decisions
Not having the flexibility to run experiments without changing the backend
That’s why its engineering team decided to implement GrowthBook. The platform allowed them to host the feature flagging product on-premise while allowing them to integrate with their existing Databricks warehouse.
As a result, they were able to consolidate six platforms into one — while processing 3+ billion feature evaluations
every single day.
How GrowthBook supports feature flagging at scale
Your first feature flag was simple. But scaling it beyond 10 or even 100 flags requires clear architecture that stays out of your critical path and governance.
The best part is you don’t have to build this from scratch. You can use platforms like GrowthBook to put these practices into play—without the overhead of maintaining them yourself (unless you want to).
GrowthBook is built for teams that need an open-source feature flagging platform to deploy safely even as they scale to work together. You can take advantage of:
SDKs that evaluate flags locally, so you don’t incur network overhead.
Caching that works at every layer of your stack so that flag state stays consistent across services.
A warehouse-native architecture queries your data where it already lives to avoid compliance issues.
Governance features like RBAC, approval workflows, and even stale feature detection to keep your codebase clean and reduce technical debt.
Built-in experimentation that lets you measure feature rollout impact with statistical rigor.
A fully self-hostable platform that’s MIT-licensed, and supports the OpenFeature standard for vendor migration.
Over 3,000 companies use GrowthBook, including Dropbox,
Khan Academy
, Pepsi, and Typeform.
If you’re looking to scale feature flag implementation within your organization, you can
start for free
or
book a demo
.
Frequently asked questions
How many feature flags is too many?
There’s no clear number here because it depends on flags per engineer, flags per repository, flags per 1000 lines of code, the stale flag percentage, and the net monthly growth in number. A team with 500 well-governed flags is in better shape than a team with 50 abandoned ones.
How do you manage feature flag debt?
You should implement governance measures to reduce technical debt. For example, set expiration dates at creation, assign owners to every flag, and run regular audits to identify stale flags. Alternatively, you can use a platform like GrowthBook to automate these processes.
What is local vs. remote evaluation?
Remote evaluation makes a network call to a server on every flag check. Local evaluation downloads flag definitions upfront and evaluates them in-process without adding to your runtime overhead. That’s why local evaluation is faster and more reliable at scale.
How do feature flags impact performance?
It depends on your evaluation model. Remote evaluation adds network latency to every request. Local evaluation resolves in sub-millisecond time. At scale, this difference is significant — especially on mobile or in latency-sensitive user flows.
How do feature flags integrate with experimentation?
Feature flags control who sees what. But experimentation measures whether what they saw actually worked. When a platform supports both natively, you can run A/B or multivariate tests as part of your rollout process and make decisions based on real data before committing to a full release.
‍
The Edge Podcast
Experiments
From Amazon to Atlassian: one Leader's framework for testing assumptions instead of egos
May 25, 2026
Topics
The Edge Podcast
Experiments
Release
The Edge Podcast
Experiments
Featured
false
Body
Running an experiment is the easy part. The hard part is knowing when to trust your instincts and when to test them.
Andrew Willingham
, Head of Legal and People Products at
Atlassian
, learned that lesson the painful way—by shipping a product that experts loved but users couldn't figure out how to use.
Willingham spent over 11 years at Amazon, starting in consumer marketing, where every pixel on the homepage was A/B tested. He later led product development for Amazon's HR systems, building talent management software for 1.5 million associates. Now at Atlassian, he's applying those lessons to reinvent how companies hire, evaluate, and retain talent in the age of AI.
His career offers a rare perspective: he's built products for millions of consumers with unlimited test traffic, then pivoted to enterprise HR where user volumes are smaller and qualitative research becomes the primary de-risking tool. Along the way, he's developed a clear framework for when to test, when to ship, and when to trust a metric.
🎧 Listen to the full episode →
The talent review product that flopped on launch
When Willingham first joined Amazon's HR organization, his team was tasked with building a talent review product for operations. At the time, Amazon was running performance calibrations on Excel spreadsheets, PowerPoint slides, and Word docs. There was no consistency, no visibility, and plenty of data leakage risk.
Willingham's team is embedded with Amazon's Talent Management Center of Excellence—the IO psych specialists who design high-performing organizations. They built a product the experts loved. It reflected best practices. It had all the features a world-class talent review system should have.
Then they handed it to the HRBPs—the people who actually run talent reviews on the front lines.
"They got into it and they were like, what, this is way too complex. Like you have all these features. I don't know how to use this. And so it was a flop initially." — Andrew Willingham
The team had to go back to the drawing board. This time, they worked directly with the HRBPs. They simplified the interface. They made it so intuitive that any HRBP could run a talent review without a two-week prep cycle.
The result? Business leaders could now run their own talent reviews in real time, without waiting for HR support. That wasn't the original goal, but it became the product's biggest unlock.
"That was a really, really big win after that initial failure." — Andrew Willingham
The lesson: Know who your user is. It may not be the same person as your customer. And if you don't sit with the actual operator and watch them use your product, you're building in the dark.
From millions of tests to desk rides
At Amazon, A/B testing was the default. Every change to the buy button, every font size adjustment, every ad placement was tested at scale. Willingham's team would run double A/B tests: one to ensure no harm to page load latency, another to measure conversion lift.
Then he moved to HR, where the user base was 450,000 corporate employees and 1.5 million associates. Still large, but not compared to hundreds of millions of homepage hits.
"We did have to adjust our approaches. So instead of leading kind of with a pure data approach of like, cool, we did this and here's our p-values and everything else, we moved into kind of relying on a very close connection with customer research." — Andrew Willingham
He started attending talent reviews. He watched HRBPs prep Excel files and juggle PowerPoints. He asked questions: Why are you doing this step? Why did you bring this data? Didn't you already do that earlier?
This qualitative research became the proxy for high-volume A/B testing. It gave the team enough confidence to de-risk their roadmap before launch.
"You need to sit with your actual user and watch them use your product. It's going to be painful because you're going to be like, what are you doing? You're supposed to do this. But you can figure out pretty quickly, okay, that's actually what they're trying to do." — Andrew Willingham
The metrics that matter: efficiency and quality
At Atlassian, Willingham optimizes for two North Star metrics: efficiency and quality.
Efficiency means reducing the time it takes to run a talent calibration, complete a hiring funnel, or onboard a new employee. Quality means maintaining or increasing the outcome — hire quality, decision accuracy, and employee satisfaction.
These metrics are deliberately antagonistic. You can't optimize one without protecting the other.
"If our goal is to hire faster, I'll just get rid of all interviews and blind hire people. And then I'm going to hit my metric and walk away here. But that's why you have to have that quality metric to say, you're optimizing against these things that are naturally kind of antagonistic." — Andrew Willingham
This balance is critical when applying AI to HR processes. Willingham's team is reinventing hiring workflows from the ground up. They're testing whether steps in the traditional funnel — sourcing, recruiter screen, hiring manager screen, five interviews, offer — can be skipped, replaced, or reordered.
The goal isn't just efficiency. It's a better candidate experience and higher decision quality. That requires testing both speed and outcome.
When to test and when to trust
Willingham has a clear framework for deciding what to test.
If it's a durable truth—something you know is aligned with outcomes you care about—ship it. At Amazon, faster shipping times always translated to future revenue. No customer wants their package to arrive later. That's a truth you can bet on.
But if it's counterintuitive, test it. Willingham gives the example of dashboard usage time. Everyone assumes longer usage time means higher engagement. But it could also mean the product is slow and frustrating.
"You have to test one in that case, does usage time actually indicate satisfaction and helpful to customers? I can think of ways in which it would and ways in which it wouldn't." — Andrew Willingham
The other place to test: marketing copy and value propositions. Willingham's team tests how to get product managers to adopt AI features. Telling them "AI is important" doesn't work. Telling them "We'll generate your status report so you don't have to type it" does.
"A lot of what we're doing experimentation is trying to change behavior, if not everything." — Andrew Willingham
Why product managers resist experimentation
Willingham has seen reluctance to A/B testing across multiple companies. He thinks it comes down to ego.
"It's a bit scary as a product manager to go down this road, because again, you're giving up. It's a bit of an ego hit in some ways, cause you're not saying I have the answers. You're saying, cool. Here's my plan for testing. I don't know if I'm right or not." — Andrew Willingham
But admitting you don't know is the right posture. Executives don't have all the answers either. What they want is a plan to test, learn, and apply those learnings.
Willingham also points out that the most valuable experiments are often the ones that fail—especially the ones you expected to be slam dunks.
"The experiments that were the most helpful were the ones that didn't work. Particularly if we expected it to be a slam dunk and it didn't work, I'm like, whoa." — Andrew Willingham
That talent review flop taught him to always validate who the actual user is. It's a lesson he's applied to every product since.
From consumer marketing to AI-powered HR
Willingham's current focus is on applying AI to reimagine people and legal products at Atlassian. His team owns everything from HRIS and payroll to hiring systems and compliance tools. They're building zero-to-one solutions that reduce effort and increase quality.
But he's not testing every pixel. He's testing assumptions. He's testing value propositions. He's testing whether a workflow that's been standard in the industry for decades is actually optimal.
And he's doing it with the same mindset he developed at Amazon: small, iterative changes that compound over time.
"Amazon didn't jump to today's gateway. It's 20 years of experimentation. And along the way, you learn kind of what those pillars are that become enduring truths." — Andrew Willingham
The lesson for product teams: experimentation isn't about running the most tests. It's about learning the fastest. And the fastest way to learn is to test the things you're least confident about, sit with your users, and be willing to admit when you're wrong.
Ready to build an experimentation program that drives real learning, not just test volume? GrowthBook is an open-source feature flagging and A/B testing platform built for product teams who want to ship winning experiments faster. Start for free at
growthbook.io
.
The Edge Podcast
Experiments
UPS delivered $500M in revenue by testing e-commerce patterns on shipping flow
May 22, 2026
Topics
The Edge Podcast
Experiments
Release
The Edge Podcast
Experiments
Featured
false
Body
‍
TL;DR:
When
Dave Massey
joined
UPS
in 2016, experimentation was new. The company had a testing tool but no real program. Senior leaders gave him a pilot: prove UX improvements could move revenue. His first test — removing navigation from the checkout flow — drove $35 million. Nine years later, his team has delivered over $500 million in incremental revenue. Here's how they did it.
Most people don't think of UPS as an e-commerce company. But if you ship a package on UPS.com, that's e-commerce in every sense: a funnel, a checkout, a transaction. When Dave Massey, head of user research, personalization, and experimentation at UPS, walked into the company in 2016, nobody saw it that way. The shipping tool was just a tool. Not anymore.
Dave brings a background in digital advertising and conversion rate optimization. His first day, he walked into a meeting where leaders were choosing an A/B testing platform. He raised his hand to clarify some misconceptions about what the tools could and couldn't do. "You know how this works? Okay, so you get to play with it now and also own it," they told him.
He ran UPS's first test—a tiny button change—and then the program went quiet. Other business priorities took over. But in 2019, senior leaders came back. They'd heard this whole "UX thing" was worth considering. But like any big company, UPS needed proof. "We need to make sure that the juice is worth the squeeze," they said.
They gave Dave a revenue target, one other person, and vendor support. That was the pilot.
🎧 Listen to the full episode →
First test: remove distractions, add $35 million
Dave's first move was simple. He applied a basic e-commerce principle to the shipping flow: once a customer enters checkout, remove distractions.
"We basically removed navigation tools and stuff like that once somebody entered the shipping tool to get them to continue through the flow and not get distracted and go somewhere else," Dave said.
Before he launched, colleagues told him he was crazy. It wouldn't help. It would make customers angry.
He ran it anyway. "There's no such thing as a bad test. We learn what to do and what not to do."
The result? A conversion rate increase worth around $35 million over the course of a year.
But showing a number like that right out of the gate triggered skepticism. "Everybody's like, there's no way, we don't believe that," Dave said. His data team had to defend the results upside down and sideways. Holes were poked. Every assumption was challenged. When the dust settled, leadership agreed: "Yeah, this is legit."
The foundation: data rigor and UX research
Dave credits two things for UPS's experimentation success: a world-class data team and tightly integrated UX research.
"You gotta have the best data team you can afford," he said. UPS is an engineering company at its core. If you can't measure it, it doesn't matter. But when Dave joined, the analytics tooling was painfully slow. "You want to run a report, and you come back after lunch and hope it's done."
The company was modernizing its analytics stack around the same time the experimentation pilot launched. That timing was critical. Suddenly, the team had granular data and could connect dots fast.
But data alone isn't enough. Dave's team pairs behavioral metrics with voice-of-customer insights because his UX research team sits under the same umbrella as experimentation.
"Having the voice of the customer along with those behavioral metrics gives you that real 360 view," he said. "We can anticipate more before we even get to the A/B testing side because we've heard customers say, ' Hey, this is a problem, this is not a problem.'"
When a test fails, the team doesn't just look at the data. They go back to customers and ask: Why do you think this didn't work?
"I don't know, I've talked to a few other leaders of their experimentation programs at other companies. And when I tell them that we have our UX team connected to the hip of our experimentation team, it kind of blows their mind. But to me, it seems like that's 101. You would have to have that, right?"
The test that ran for 24 hours
Not every test is a winner. Dave's gut is "wrong more than it's right," he says. But some tests fail so hard they become teaching moments.
Senior leadership once pushed hard to make the recipient's email a required field in the shipping flow. The thinking: capture customer data for retargeting. The product team worried. Dave's team ran the test.
It lasted about 24 hours.
"We saw such a decline in conversion on shipping on UPS.com that we pulled the plug on it," Dave said. "We went back and told the business, yeah, you can't. This is not something that is a good experience, and therefore it will cost us business."
But a couple of years later, the international shipping team wanted to do the same thing—for a completely different reason. Customs paperwork. When a package gets held at customs, the recipient has to deal with it, not the shipper. The team wanted the recipient's email to streamline that process.
This time, the test worked. "We put it in there. This is to help it get through customs. We saw no issue. Nobody had a problem with it because we gave them the reason why. It's not just like, hey, we want this because we want this."
The lesson: context matters. Friction isn't inherently bad if customers understand the value.
Building a culture of testing
Today, Dave's team, the Journey Experience and Design Innovation team or "JEDI", runs experimentation for a $12.6 billion business. The team is about 80 people, including designers, data scientists, developers, and vendor partners. They support nearly 80 different customer-facing applications across UPS digital properties.
They can't test everything. But that's a good problem.
"The fact that we can't test everything that we want to test is great in my eyes because that means people understand it and understand the value of it," Dave said.
Business units across UPS now come asking to test ideas. The team has earned a reputation for rigor and honesty. "The business now knows that they ignore Jedi at their own peril," Dave said.
When senior leaders propose an idea, the team doesn't just say no. They test it. If it doesn't work, they come back with data and alternatives. "We tested your idea, and it did not work well, but we learned these three other things that we can do to accomplish the same goal. That changes that conversation."
That approach has made the team the center of excellence for proving what to do — first and foremost for customers, but also for the bottom line.
What's next: personalization and decentralization
Dave sees two big opportunities ahead. First, personalization. UPS serves a wide range of users: someone who ships once a year and someone who's in the tool all day as a shipping manager. Those users need different experiences.
"Maybe one day they're showing up to ship something to grandma for a birthday. The next day, they're at their day job, and they're the shipping manager," Dave said. "It's being able to understand that. And that's where experimentation and audience targeting and all those sorts of things can come together."
Second, decentralization. Right now, the team runs everything centrally. Dave would love to expand the capability, so other teams can run their own tests — but with the same rigor and standards his team uses.
"We need technology that is simple enough for other business units to be able to do this sort of thing," he said.
AI will play a role. UPS has been experimenting with AI since before it became a buzzword. Dave's team treats it as a tool to improve efficiency. They can get through results faster and generate hypotheses more quickly, but always with a human in the loop. "There's nothing that AI generates that just does not pass go. It has to go through its checks, just like something that a human on our team would have to go through."
The half-billion-dollar value of experimentation
Since launching the pilot in 2019, Dave's team has delivered over half a billion dollars in incremental revenue. That doesn't even account for the savings they've generated.
The formula isn't complicated. Treat your internal tools like e-commerce. Pair behavioral data with customer research. Test everything. Defend your results with rigor. Push back on leadership with evidence, not opinions. And build a team that knows the difference between a failed test and a learning opportunity.
"My team is known for the rigor that we go through in terms of setting up a test and making sure we're not blowing anything up, breaking anything with IT," Dave said. "But also looking at the results and being as unbiased as possible. We have no problem saying, hey, this isn't the right thing to do, sorry. Or it is the right thing to do."
That's how you deliver half a billion dollars.
Listen to my full conversation with Dave on The Experimentation Edge podcast. And if you are building your own experimentation program,
GrowthBook
gives you the platform to run, analyze, and learn from every experiment at scale.
‍
‍
‍
Compare
8 best open-source feature flagging tools compared [2026]
May 18, 2026
Topics
Compare
Release
Compare
Featured
false
Body
If you’ve ever evaluated
open-source feature flagging tools
, it feels like picking a database. On paper, most options check similar boxes. In practice, the wrong choice costs you months in migration headaches and unexpected operational overhead.
Even though open-source software lets you take back control of your data, you still have to consider operational decisions around self-hosting and your specific use case. While some treat experimentation as a core capability, others stick to basic feature flagging only.
In this guide, we’ll take a look at eight
open-source feature flagging tools
and explain what they do so that you can make the right call when the time comes.
What is feature flagging?
A feature flag is a conditional wrapper around code that lets you control whether it runs without redeploying your application. At its simplest, you’re wrapping a feature in an if/else statement that checks a remote configuration instead of a hardcoded value.
Feature flags
let you deploy code to production and then decide separately when, how, and to whom it becomes visible. In your day-to-day engineering work, it can translate to use cases like:
Decoupling deployments from releases
Percentage-based rollouts for gradual testing
Targeted delivery for specific accounts
Instant kill switches to revert when something breaks
In short, they’re the foundation of the modern software delivery infrastructure. And when you pair them with a statistical engine, you can focus on
controlled experimentation
to see if the changes you shipped actually make a difference.
Why choose an open-source feature flagging platform?
You could buy a SaaS feature flag tool and move on. Plenty of teams do. But there are real, specific reasons why engineering organizations, irrespective of their size, choose an open-source feature flagging tool.
Here’s why:
Predictable costs:
Most commercial feature flag platforms charge per seat, per event, or per monthly active user. The more successful your product is, the higher the costs of feature flagging and experimentation. In fact, the 2026 State of Open Source report found that
61.5% of organizations
choose open-source software because there’s no licensing fee, or they can control the overall cost of using software.
No vendor lock-in:
The same report also found that 68% of organizations use open-source software to avoid being locked in to specific vendors — up from 55% last year. It has become a key driver of adoption, and the trend doesn’t seem to be going away. You own everything from your configurations to your migration path. If the tool stops being maintained or the company pivots, you fork it and keep going.
Data sovereignty:
When you self-host your feature flag platform, your user data, experiment assignments, flag state, and analytics stay on your infrastructure. Your personal data is safe, and you know where it’s stored and how it moves in your infrastructure.
Improved transparency:
Let’s say you’re using a proprietary tool for feature flagging and experimentation. In those cases, the stats engine is usually a black box. You trust the numbers because the vendor tells you they’re correct. With open source, you can read the code and audit the statistical methodology. For data teams that take experimental rigor seriously, that transparency matters. Platforms like GrowthBook show you the SQL so you don’t have to dig into the code to understand how it works or what’s happening.
Now, this doesn’t mean that open-source software is free of costs or the best option in every scenario.
If you’re self-hosting the software, it takes resources to manage the infrastructure and keep it up to date. But many feature flagging platforms offset this by offering managed cloud options and active developer communities to provide the support you need.
You just need to set clear expectations before choosing an open-source platform.
What to look for in an open-source feature flagging tool?
Before you start comparing tools, make sure you have a clear answer to these evaluation criteria:
Primary use case
First, ask yourself: Are you looking for simple on/off toggles and gradual rollouts to reduce deployment risk? Or do you need built-in
A/B testing
with statistical analysis to measure whether your changes actually moved the needle?
While some tools just help you create and manage feature flags, others, like GrowthBook, help you move into more advanced use cases, such as experimentation. You need to understand your long-term goals, so you only pay for the capabilities you’ll actually use.
Deployment model
Most feature flagging platforms support self-hosting, which is a major advantage over commercial-only platforms. But "self-hosting" means different things depending on the tool. Some tools also offer managed cloud if you want the control of open source without the infrastructure overhead.
Think about what your ops team can realistically support. If you’re a small team without dedicated DevOps, a single-binary deployment or a managed cloud option will save you from a lot of pain in the long run.
SDK support
Your feature flag tool is only useful if it works with your stack. Check for coverage across:
Backend languages (Python, Java, Go, Node.js, C#)
Frontend frameworks (JavaScript, React)
Mobile platforms (Swift, Kotlin, Flutter)
Edge environments (Cloudflare Workers, Lambda\@Edge)
If you’re running a polyglot microservices architecture, that difference matters on day one.
Note:
Feature flagging platforms like GrowthBook offer
24+ ultralightweight SDKs
that are 13.6 KB in size, which work with languages like Python, Typescript, and JavaScript.
Experimentation capabilities
If you care about measuring the impact of your feature rollouts, look closely at the experimentation layer. A percentage-based rollout is not the same thing as a controlled experiment. A “true” experiment requires sophisticated capabilities such as random assignment, metric tracking, statistical engines, and a clean analytics dashboard.
Most open-source flag tools don’t include this. The ones that do vary significantly in depth. For example,
PostHog
offers basic Bayesian and frequentist testing, but GrowthBook goes further with
CUPED
variance reduction and
sequential testing
.
Community and ecosystem
Open-source tools live or die by their communities. A large, active community means you can access better documentation and fix bugs faster by doing it yourself.
Use GitHub stars and contributor counts as a maintenance signal (check the most recent commit date alongside the count), but don’t overweight stars. Stars often reflect project age and developer marketing more than product quality, so be sure to assess each vendor’s customer base too. Customer base quality is a better viability indicator. Also, check the release cadence. Is the project shipping regularly, or has it gone quiet? Review recent discussions to see what kinds of issues you can expect
before
you start using it.
Vendor viability
Feature flag SDKs get scattered across every service in your codebase, making migration timelines measured in months common. Will this platform still be actively maintained in 3 years? Look at release cadence, funding stage, and customer base quality (production logos are a better signal than GitHub stars). Check the license type as fork insurance: MIT and Apache 2.0 give you the most freedom if the project direction changes. OpenFeature support provides additional vendor insurance by keeping your application code portable across flag evaluation backends.
Pricing model
Open source doesn’t always mean free at scale. Most tools offer a free self-hosted tier, but advanced features like SSO, RBAC, or dedicated support are available only in paid plans. Typically, you can expect a per-seat, per-request, per-product, or flat rate structure. The right pricing model for you depends on your use case and organizational scale.
Caching and infrastructure flexibility
Every company’s infrastructure is different, and there’s no single caching solution that works for everyone. Teams typically need caching at some combination of CDN, edge workers, SDK internal memory, distributed cache (Redis or Memcached), and self-hosted proxy layers.
The critical question is whether the platform integrates with the caching infrastructure you already run, or whether it pushes you toward a proprietary proxy. Also evaluate customization depth: can you attach custom metadata to flags, enforce organization-specific validation rules, and extend the platform with Terraform, OpenFeature providers, or an MCP Server?
Best open-source feature flag platforms
Here are the 8 best open-source feature flagging platforms in 2026:
Platform
Best for
License
Self-hosting
Experimentation
SDKs
Free plan
G2 rating
GrowthBook
Flags + built-in experimentation
MIT
Docker, K8S
Bayesian, frequentist, CUPED, sequential, bandits
23
Free (3 users, 3 envs)
4.6/5
Unleash
Enterprise governance and compliance
Apache 2.0
Yes (2 env free)
None built-in
30+
Free self-hosted
4.7/5
Flagsmith
Flags + remote config, fast setup
BSD-3-Clause
Yes
Bucketing only (no stats)
Multi-language
Free (50K req/mo)
4.8/5
PostHog
All-in-one analytics, flags + experiments
MIT
Docker, K8S
Bayesian, frequentist
Multi-language
Generous free tier
4.5/5
Flipt
GitOps teams, flags as code
GPL-3.0
Yes (single binary)
None
7 (OpenFeature)
Free forever
N/A
FeatureHub
Cloud-native flags with streaming
Apache 2.0
Docker, K8S
None
10
Free self-hosted
N/A
FeatBit
.NET teams, flags + basic A/B testing
MIT
Yes
Frequentist only
9
Free forever
N/A
Flipper
Rails developers, simple flags
MIT
Yes (gem)
None
Ruby only
Free gem
N/A
1. GrowthBook
GrowthBook's open source feature flags dashboard showing feature keys, environments, and toggle states — open-source feature flagging tools comparison
Source
What is GrowthBook?
GrowthBook is an open-source, enterprise-class, feature flagging platform designed around one principle: your application should never depend on GrowthBook being available. Both client and server SDKs evaluate flags locally from a cached payload, delivering sub-millisecond performance with zero network calls per flag check. The platform connects directly to your existing data warehouse for guardrail metrics and experiment analysis, so your data never leaves your infrastructure.
The platform is MIT-licensed and YC-backed, and 3,000+ organizations actively use it each month, including
Dropbox
(processing 3 billion+ daily evaluations on self-hosted GrowthBook),
Khan Academy
, Sony, Pepsi, Wikipedia, and Mistral. GrowthBook handles over 100 billion feature flag lookups daily, and the same codebase powers both the open-source self-hosted version and the managed cloud offering. GrowthBook Enterprise is SOC 2 Type II and ISO 27001 compliant, with GDPR, COPPA, and CCPA adherence and HIPAA BAA available.
The best part about the platform is that it treats feature flags and experimentation as two halves of the same workflow. You don’t ship a feature behind a flag and then switch to a different tool to figure out whether it worked. The flag, the experiment, and the analysis all live in one place — with your data warehouse as the single source of truth.
Supported SDKs
GrowthBook offers
24+ SDKs
spanning backend, frontend, mobile, and edge environments:
Backend:
Node.js, Python, Ruby, PHP, Java, Go, C#, Elixir
Frontend:
JavaScript, React, Vue
Mobile:
Swift, Kotlin, Flutter, React Native
Edge:
Cloudflare Workers, Fastly Compute, Lambda\@Edge
Other:
Rust, Roku
All SDKs are ultra-lightweight and evaluate flags locally with zero network calls during evaluation. That means you can expect sub-millisecond response times, and a feature flag check doesn’t add latency to your requests.
Community and ecosystem
The GrowthBook community has grown steadily and has over
7,000 stars on GitHub
as of early 2026. The project ships regular releases, maintains comprehensive documentation, and offers a
DevTools Chrome extension
for debugging flag evaluations in the browser.
GrowthBook also supports
OpenFeature
, the open standard for feature flag evaluation. If you’re building with
OpenFeature providers
to keep your codebase vendor-neutral, it has official providers for Java, Python, Go, .NET, and JavaScript that plug directly into the spec. This means you can adopt the platform today and swap to a different backend later without rewriting your application code.
Key capabilities
Feature flags and remote config:
Create boolean, string, numeric, and JSON feature flags with remote configuration support. You can manage flags across multiple environments and update targeting rules or config values without redeploying code.
User targeting and segmentation:
Target features by user attributes, device type, geography, or custom properties. You can define reusable segments and apply complex condition logic with granular precision.
Built-in A/B testing and experimentation:
Run experiments directly on top of your feature flags with support for both Bayesian and frequentist statistical engines. GrowthBook connects to your existing data warehouse to analyze results, so there’s no duplicate data pipeline or second source of truth. You can also access the
stats engine source code on GitHub
to see how it works.
Warehouse-native analytics
:
Query metrics directly from Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift, Databricks, ClickHouse, Athena, Postgres, MySQL, MS SQL, Presto/Trino, and Vertica (11 supported sources). You define metrics once in your warehouse, and GrowthBook uses them for both smart feature flags and
experiment analysis
, keeping your analytics stack as the single source of truth.
Role-based access and audit logs:
Define roles and permissions to control who can create, modify, or deploy flags across environments. Every flag and experiment change is logged with full audit history for compliance and accountability.
MCP server for AI
:
Use GrowthBook from your IDE by connecting it with Cursor, Claude Code, and Codex. You can
create feature flags
and track rollouts without leaving your AI tool.
Safe Rollouts with guardrail metrics:
Staged rollouts progress from 10% to 25% to 50% to 75% to 100%, with one-sided sequential guardrails pulled directly from your warehouse. If a rollout degrades key metrics like error rates, latency, or revenue, the platform surfaces warnings and can auto-rollback. You see the problem before your finance team does.
Ramp schedules and approval controls:
Define automated rollout stages that ramp up traffic from 10% through to 100% on a schedule you configure. Also, you can make sure flag changes can require approval before going live, whether they originate from a teammate in the UI or an AI coding agent calling the API.
Feature Evaluation Diagnostics:
Shipped in v4.3 (February 2026), diagnostics show exactly why a flag evaluated the way it did for a given user in production, with a rule-by-rule trace and attribute values. Combined with OpenTelemetry integration for observability pipelines, this removes the guesswork from debugging targeting issues.
Caching at every layer:
GrowthBook supports caching across CDN, SDK internal memory with stale-while-revalidate, GrowthBook Proxy with Redis pub/sub for distributed invalidation, webhooks for custom cache invalidation, and edge workers (Cloudflare, Vercel, Lambda@Edge). The philosophy is composability: lean on Redis, Cloudflare, and the caching infrastructure you already trust rather than forcing a proprietary proxy.
Pros of GrowthBook
You can go from flagging a feature to analyzing its impact without leaving the platform or stitching together a second tool. The built-in stats engine (CUPED, sequential testing, SRM detection, bandits) enables your team to understand whether features work in live environments.
Your data stays in your warehouse, so you don’t have to deal with duplicate pipelines or worry about PII leaving your infrastructure. If you’re in a regulated industry, it makes sure you stay compliant.
OpenFeature support means you’re not locked in. If you need to swap backends later, your application code stays the same.
Many users say they’ve experienced great,
timely customer support
— especially for technical issues.
You can also
conduct experiments
without being capped by website traffic limits, which are common in other tools. As a result, you get more statistically significant results and can iterate with confidence.
Cons of GrowthBook
You need a data warehouse to use the experimentation features. GrowthBook Cloud now offers a managed warehouse option for teams that don’t have one yet, but if you’re self-hosting, setting up a warehouse is an additional infrastructure step before you can create smart feature flags or run experiments.
If you are using your own data warehouse, GrowthBook requires more initial configuration than simpler flag-only tools. However, if you use the GrowthBook Managed Warehouse, most of this additional setup comes out of the box.
The
UI can be complex
for less technical team members, especially when working with JSON payloads and advanced targeting rules.
Pricing
GrowthBook offers
pricing plans
tailored to your infrastructure.
Cloud:
Starter:
It’s free, and you get unlimited feature flags and experiments. But it’s limited to 3 users and 3 environments, with unlimited CDN requests up to 1M per month.
Pro:
It costs $40 per user per month for up to 50 users. You can access advanced experimentation capabilities and permissioning features.
Enterprise:
Contact sales for a quote if you need governance, advanced security features, and optimizations for large datasets.
Self-hosted:
Open source edition:
It’s free, and you get unlimited feature flags, environments, and experiments. It’s also warehouse-native and not capped on traffic.
Enterprise:
You need to request a quote if you require advanced access control, cross-experiment insights, data pipelines, or security/compliance features.
Who is GrowthBook best for?
GrowthBook is purpose-built for
data science
,
product
, and
engineering
teams that want a complete open source feature flagging platform with the option to grow into experimentation. If your organization already has a data warehouse and you want feature flags, warehouse-connected guardrail metrics, and built-in A/B testing in a single tool, it’s the strongest open-source option available.
You can query your data where it lives, and because there’s a self-hosted option, even organizations in regulated industries like
fintech
,
healthtech
, and
edtech
can use it. It’s also the right choice for data teams that want to inspect, extend, or validate the statistical methodology behind their experiment results.
Ratings and reviews
G2: 4.6/5
(25 reviews)
: Users praise the ease of technical implementation and its ability to connect to multiple data warehouses. Keeping that in mind, the built-in experimentation engine becomes even more powerful because you can run complex tests using feature flags as the delivery mechanism. That said, some users find the UI complex to navigate at first.
2. Unleash
Unleash feature flag management UI showing gradual rollout strategies for Pro and Enterprise customers — open-source feature flagging tools comparison
Source
What is Unleash?
Unleash
is the largest and longest-running open-source feature flag platform. With 13,300+ GitHub stars and 11 years of history, it’s an incumbent in this category, but the company built its reputation around enterprise governance.
GrowthBook combines experimentation with strong governance. However,
Unleash
has built its reputation specifically around compliance-first workflows. You can expect features like change request approvals with 4-eyes review and FedRAMP-ready infrastructure. If your feature flag changes need to go through the same compliance process as a production database migration, Unleash was designed for that workflow.
Supported SDKs
Unleash offers 17 official SDKs plus 15+ community-contributed SDKs. Official SDKs include the following:
Server-side SDKs:
Go
Java
Node.js
PHP
Python
Ruby
Rust
.NET
Client-side SDKs:
Android
Flutter (proxy)
iOS (proxy)
JavaScript (browser)
React (proxy)
Svelte (proxy)
Vue (proxy)
Community SDKs:
Angular - TypeScript
Clojure
C++
ColdBox - CFML
Dart
Elixir
Haskell
Kotlin
NestJS - Node.js
PHP
PHP - Symfony
Solid
Unleash also supports OpenFeature providers, allowing you to adopt the vendor-neutral standard.
Key capabilities
Feature flags with advanced targeting
: Create feature flags with custom activation strategies to give your team precise control over which users or groups see a feature.
Enterprise governance
: Manage change requests with 4-eyes approval, granular role-based access control (RBAC), and full audit logging to ensure accountability and security.
Compliance features
: You get support for air-gapped deployments, FedRAMP compliance, and GDPR/Schrems II privacy-by-design, making Unleash suitable for regulated industries.
Impact Metrics (Beta)
: It provides real-time visibility into metrics such as error rates, adoption, latency, and infrastructure costs. So, it allows teams to incorporate these metrics directly into rollout decisions.
MCP Server
: Integrates with AI coding assistants such as Claude Code, Cursor, and Windsurf, enabling developers to manage feature flags directly from their IDE.
Pros of Unleash
The platform offers one of the largest sets of SDKs, making it convenient for engineers and developers.
Users appreciate that the platform uses an
API-first approach
that lets them automate aspects like provisioning and configuration. As a result, they can also integrate with the tools they need to ship features safely and faster.
Many users report that because the open-source version is available as a self-hosted option, they’ve been able to replace homegrown solutions without risking non-compliance.
Cons of Unleash
You can deploy a feature behind a flag, but you can’t measure whether it worked, at least not without integrating a separate tool like GrowthBook. If your team expects to run experiments, this gap will slow you down from day one.
You don’t get warehouse-native integrations and no native analytics connections (Amplitude, Mixpanel, Segment). For data-driven teams, the lack of any analytics layer is a real limitation because you can’t really tell which user saw the old or new version of a feature, making it harder to measure impact.
$75/seat/month pricing with a 5-seat minimum can add up quickly. The lack of free viewer-only seats can result in an expensive bill over a period.
The free self-hosted version is limited to 1 project and 2 environments, which restricts how far you can go before hitting the paywall.
Unleash doesn’t store user identities or traits server-side. Every flag evaluation requires full context at runtime, which can increase latency in microservice architectures where trait data spans multiple services.
Unleash’s OSS Edge is sunsetting on December 31, 2026. After that date, self-hosters at scale will need Enterprise Edge for the same edge evaluation architecture, which adds a paid dependency to what was previously a fully open-source deployment.
Pricing
No free SaaS plan (self-hosted OSS is free with 1 project and 2 environment limits), but you can try the hosted version free for 14 days.
Pay-as-you-go ($75/seat/month):
No long-term commitment, and they do host Unleash Enterprise for you. But this option is only available on the cloud-based model.
Enterprise Self-Hosted (Custom, annual):
Billed annually, but you get a cloud, self-hosted, or hybrid option.
Ratings and reviews
G2: 4.7/5
(122 reviews)
: Unleash is rated the "Easiest Feature Management system to use" on G2. Most users praise its flexible rollout capabilities, ease of use, clear UI, and the ability for both developers and product managers to manage flags without friction. That said, the initial learning curve can be a barrier for non-technical teams.
Who is Unleash best for?
Unleash is a good option for large enterprises in regulated industries such as finance and AI, only if they need compliance-specific tooling like FedRAMP-ready deployments and ServiceNow integration.
It’s also a solid pick for teams that need pure feature flag management at scale and are comfortable integrating a separate tool for experimentation and analytics.
3. Flagsmith
Flagsmith features dashboard showing feature flags across development and production environments with toggle controls — open-source feature flagging tools comparison
Source
What is Flagsmith?
Flagsmith
is an open-source feature flag and remote configuration platform that’s bootstrapped. That’s one of the reasons the platform is open source and caters to solo developers, mid-market companies, and enterprise organizations.
The software combines feature toggles with remote configurations to help engineering teams easily create, configure, and manage features for individual segments, users, and development environments. Additionally,
Flagsmith
supports phased rollouts through gradual feature deployments, canary deployments, A/B testing, and multivariate testing.
Supported SDKs
Flagsmith covers the major languages, such as:
Client-side SDKs:
Javascript
Android/Kotlin
iOS/Swift
React
Next.js and SSR
Flutter
Server-side SDKs:
Python
Java
NET
Node.js
Ruby
PHP
Go
Rust
Elixir
Key capabilities
Feature flags & remote config
: Manage unlimited feature flags and key-value configurations across environments, allowing teams to control feature rollouts and dynamically adjust application behavior without redeploying.
User targeting & segmentation
: Target features to specific users, segments, or percentages of your audience, enabling controlled rollouts and safer experimentation.
A/B and multivariate testing
: Run experiments and test multiple feature variations, helping teams make data-driven decisions on feature impact.
Role-based access and audit logs
: Define user roles, manage permissions, and track all changes, ensuring security, compliance, and accountability across your team.
Multi-platform SDKs and real-time updates
: Support for multiple languages and frameworks with OpenFeature compatibility. Plus, you get instant flag updates via Edge API, so your app experiences consistent behavior across environments.
Pros of Flagsmith
Multiple reviewers confirm that the platform is
easy to get started with
and use. And both developers and non-technical team members can navigate the UI without a training session.
Remote configuration alongside flags lets you manage feature behavior and visibility in one place.
The platform also received high ratings for customer support. Several users praise how
responsive and knowledgeable
the team is.
Cons of Flagsmith
There’s no built-in experimentation stats engine. Flagsmith handles bucketing (splitting users into variants), but you need an analytics partner like Amplitude or Mixpanel to determine which variant actually won.
It’s not warehouse-native by default, so your experiment data flows through third-party analytics integrations, not your data warehouse.
Important features like on-premises deployment or SSO are behind steep enterprise pricing, which isn’t ideal for small teams.
While Flagsmith has added integrations (including Datadog, Amplitude, Segment, Jira, and Slack, among 15+ total), some users report gaps in the on-prem version compared to the cloud offering.
Pricing
Free:
50,000 requests/month with unlimited flags and environments
Start-Up ($45/month):
1M requests/month, 3 team members
Scale-Up ($200/month):
Unlimited requests, 10 team members
Enterprise (Custom):
Cloud, Private cloud, or on-premise; Enterprise SLA
Who is Flagsmith best for?
Flagsmith is a good fit for mid-market engineering teams and enterprises that want feature flags and remote configuration in a single tool, with native integrations with their existing analytics stack. If you’re already using Amplitude, Mixpanel, or Segment and want flag events to flow into those platforms without custom instrumentation, Flagsmith makes that easy.
It’s not the right fit if you need built-in statistical experimentation or you want capabilities beyond feature flagging.
Ratings and reviews
G2: 4.8/5
(37 reviews)
:
Users praise UI simplicity, customer support, and the low barrier to entry as a non-technical user. But the lack of a built-in statistical engine makes it difficult for data-driven teams who want to run more advanced experiments without a separate analytics tool.
4. PostHog
PostHog feature flag detail view showing variant keys, rollout percentages, and release conditions — open-source feature flagging tools comparison
Source
What is PostHog?
PostHog
is an all-in-one product analytics tool that includes feature flags as one part of its entire product suite. The platform takes the opposite approach from every other tool on this list. Instead of doing one thing well, it tries to do everything in one place: product analytics, session replay, feature flags, A/B testing, error tracking, surveys, and a customer data platform under a single SDK.
The product is mostly catered towards data and product teams as opposed to engineering teams. And that’s why its “Product OS” is bundled with different tools to help you understand how users get value from your product.
Supported SDKs
Posthog offers SDKs in multiple languages, including the following:
Capacitor
NET
Android
Flutter
iOS
Go
Elixir
Java
JavaScript web
Next.js
Node.js
PHP
React Router
React
Python
Ruby
Rust
Unity
React Native
The advantage is that a single SDK handles flags, analytics, session replay, and experiments, so you don’t need separate instrumentation per tool.
Key capabilities
Feature Flags
: Control which features are active for which users, with percentage-based rollouts and targeting, enabling safe, incremental releases. It offers sub-50ms latency for local evaluation.
Product Analytics
: You can track user behavior, funnels, retention, and engagement metrics in one place to help you make better product-related decisions.
Session Replay
: You can record and replay user sessions, which helps your teams debug issues and understand user behavior.
Experimentation:
Run experiments and analyze feature impact directly within the platform so that your team can measure changes without external tools.
Managed Warehouse & Integrations
: Connect to your data warehouse on platforms like BigQuery, Snowflake, and 120+ other sources via APIs and webhooks. It lets you centralize data for analytics, flag evaluation, and product insights. But your data lives in Posthog’s system first.
Pros of Posthog
Many users
say that having qualitative and quantitative tools within the same platform helps them get a better picture of how users use their products.
You can replace Mixpanel, Hotjar, and a separate A/B testing tool with a single platform and a single SDK. For teams tired of managing (and paying for) 3 different analytics products, it helps them consolidate their tech stack.
98% of PostHog customers use the free tier. For early-stage teams, that means real analytics, flags, and session replay at zero cost while you figure out what your product needs.
The platform offers flexibility in
handling data
and building custom flows for your pipeline, which is useful for analyzing product analytics.
Cons of Posthog
It’s not warehouse-native. PostHog stores your data in its own system and offers warehouse connections for export. If your team has invested in a data warehouse as the source of truth, PostHog creates a second one.
The experimentation stats engine is basic. You don’t get advanced capabilities like CUPED variance reduction or sequential testing. If your team runs experimentation as a core discipline, you’ll hit the ceiling.
Several users report that the learning curve can be quite steep, especially if you’re from a non-technical background. That’s why some teams
take months
to implement it.
Usage-based pricing can get expensive at scale. As your event volume and flag requests increase, so do your costs, which is a concern if you have a high-volume product or are growing faster.
The
UI is overwhelming
for new users. Multiple users describe the dashboard as difficult to navigate initially.
Pricing
Free:
1M analytics events/month, 1M flag requests, 5K session replays, and more.
Pay-as-you-go:
Usage-based with volume discounts at scale. But base pricing starts at $0.0001 per flag request, $0.00005 per event for analytics, and $0.00006 per event for LLM analytics.
Self-Hosted (Free):
The platform uses an MIT license so that you can host it yourself.
Who is PostHog best for?
Developer and product teams that want one platform for product analytics, feature flags, basic experiments, and session replay. It’s a particularly strong choice for early-stage companies that can take advantage of the generous free tier to consolidate their tooling before they need advanced experimentation.
It’s not the right fit for data teams that need advanced statistics, teams with strict warehouse-native requirements, or enterprises in regulated industries. And in cases where the company needs to scale their feature flagging usage, they tend to look for specialized solutions.
Ratings and reviews
G2: 4.5/5
(1,045 reviews)
: Users consistently praise ease of setup, the breadth of the feature set, and the all-in-one convenience. The fact that you get qualitative insights within the same platform means you don’t have to set up separate tools and have everything you need to measure product analytics. That said, the overwhelming UI, pricing concerns, lack of robust experimentation features, and the product’s complexity can be hard to wrangle in the long run.
5. Flipt
Flipt feature flags list showing boolean and variant flag types with enabled and default states — open-source feature flagging tools comparison
Source
What is Flipt?
Flipt is an open-source feature flagging platform that treats feature flags the same way your team treats application code. They’re stored in Git, reviewed in pull requests, and deployed through CI/CD, just as you do with your app’s code.
The platform has been written in Go and compiled to a single binary with zero external dependencies. As a result, Flipt is architecturally minimal by design, you don’t require a database for the open-source version.
The project has 4,700+ GitHub stars and works with GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, Azure DevOps, and Gitea.
Supported SDKs
Flipt previously took a standards-first approach through OpenFeature. But with the launch of V2, they’re still working on updating their OpenFeature providers to support its new “environments” concept. If you’re adopting Flipt today and relying on OpenFeature for vendor portability, you may run into a lack of flagging capabilities until those providers catch up.
You get REST and gRPC APIs for custom integrations.
Client-side SDKs:
Node/TypeScript
Go
Python
Rust
Java
PHP
C#
Server-side SDKs:
JavaScript
React
Python
Ruby
Go
Java
Dart
C#
Swift Android
Key capabilities
Git-native feature flags
: You can manage feature flags through familiar Git workflows, where UI changes automatically generate reviewable commits. This ensures auditability and seamlessly integrates flag management into your code review process.
Instant rollouts and rollbacks
: Flag changes take effect in milliseconds via streaming updates, allowing teams to deploy features safely and revert quickly if issues arise.
Self-hosted, single-binary deployment
: You can run Flipt on your own infrastructure with zero dependencies. As a result, it provides full control over data and operational simplicity.
Secrets and security management
: You get a built-in secrets integration and enterprise-grade RBAC with audit logs that protect sensitive configuration and maintain governance across teams.
Pros of Flipt
Every flag change goes through the same PR review and CI/CD process as your application code. That means your audit trail is built into Git and is searchable and revertible with git revert.
The open-source version is 100% free with no paid tiers. If you need to make the case internally that this tool will never generate a surprise invoice, Flipt is the cleanest answer.
You’ll spend less time on infrastructure compared to other feature flagging tools. It uses a single binary approach so that you can deploy flags without heavy infrastructure, and memory usage stays under 50 MB (even for 1000+ flags).
Cons of Flipt
It doesn’t offer any A/B testing or experimentation capabilities. Flipt is purely a flag evaluation engine. So, measuring outcomes requires an entirely separate tool and pipeline.
There are no analytics integrations, so you’ll have to build your own data pipeline for flag events.
The UI is minimal and developer-focused. Product managers and non-technical team members will struggle without Git and CLI knowledge.
As of August 2025, the platform no longer offers a Cloud version. If you prefer a simpler SaaS setup, this platform isn’t right for you.
Pricing
Open Source (Free):
100% open source and unlimited flags that are Git-native.
Pro Monthly ($200/month):
Managed DB, secrets management, GPG signing, and GitHub/GitLab/BitBucket/Azure DevOps integration.
Custom:
Only for enterprises that need advanced governance features like RBAC and audit logging.
Who is Flipt best for?
IFlipt is best for DevOps and infrastructure teams that live in Git and want feature flags to follow the same workflow as every other piece of infrastructure they manage. If you view flags as a deployment primitive, not a product management tool, and you want the smallest possible operational surface area, you can consider it.
It’s not the right fit if you need experimentation, analytics, a polished UI for non-developers, or managed hosting.
Ratings and reviews
Not listed on G2, Capterra, or TrustRadius. It has a very limited community ecosystem (as of March 2026).
6. FeatureHub
FeatureHub dashboard showing feature flags across dev, test, and production environments with boolean and string flag types — open-source feature flagging tools comparison
Source
What is FeatureHub?
FeatureHub is a cloud-native open-source platform for feature flags and remote configuration. It’s smaller and more specialized compared to other feature flagging tools. You can think of it as the lightweight, Kubernetes-native option for teams that want flag management without the weight of a full experimentation or analytics platform.
The architecture reflects that philosophy. FeatureHub uses NATS for real-time cloud-native messaging and partners with Fastly to serve feature flags from edge locations globally. When a flag changes, your SDKs get the update via Server-Sent Events.
Supported SDKs
Client-side SDKs:
JavaScript (includes React, Angular, SolidJS)
Dart / Flutter
Swift
Ruby (for client use in Rails/Sinatra apps)
Server-side SDKs:
Java (Jersey, SpringBoot, Quarkus)
C# / .NET
Go
Python
Ruby (for server-side)
JavaScript / Node.js
Dart / Flutter
Key capabilities
Feature flags and runtime control
: Manage feature flags and application behavior at runtime without redeploying code. The difference is that you get a runtime control plane within a cloud-native, edge-first architecture (Docker and Kubernetes).
Governance and audit trails
: You get built-in granular permissions, role-based access control, and full audit history to ensure compliance and accountability, even in regulated environments.
Real-time streaming (SSE):
Server-side SDKs receive updates instantly via Server-Sent Events, ensuring global applications reflect flag changes immediately.
Polling and one-off GET requests:
Your
client-side SDKs
can fetch flag states on demand or at configurable intervals, which gives you additional flexibility for browser and mobile apps.
Pros of FeatureHub
Your self-hosted deployment has no artificial limits, so you get unlimited flags and users at zero cost. You won’t hit a paywall that forces an upgrade just because you added a staging environment.
If your infrastructure runs on Kubernetes, FeatureHub fits natively. It offers Docker, Helm charts, and NATS messaging so you’re working with the same tooling your platform team already manages.
The platform’s new partnership with Fastly means that flag changes reach your SDKs in real time via Fastly CDN edge caching and Server-Sent Events. For globally distributed applications, that means low-latency flag delivery without polling or stale caches.
Cons of FeatureHub
FeatureHub supports percentage rollouts and multivariate flags, but you can’t analyze outcomes natively. If you want those insights, you’ll need to export the data and analyze it elsewhere.
Google Analytics is the only analytics integration as of March 2026. If your team relies on Amplitude, Mixpanel, Segment, or your data warehouse for product metrics, there’s no native connection. You’ll have to build that pipeline yourself through Webhooks.
There’s no feature for flag lifecycle management or staleness detection. As your flag count grows, tracking which flags are still active and which should be cleaned up is entirely manual.
Pricing
FeatureHub offers only one plan for its managed cloud offering. It costs $4.99 per user per month and bills API requests separately on a pay-as-you-go basis:
Streaming
: $0.38 per 10,000 requests
REST
: $0.35 per 10,000 requests
Test
: $0.33 per 10,000 requests
You can try it for free for 30 days.
Who is FeatureHub best for?
FeatureHub is ideal for cloud-native teams running on Kubernetes that want lightweight, self-hosted flag management with real-time streaming. Also, they wouldn’t require built-in experimentation or deep analytics integrations for their workflows.
Ratings and reviews
There are no publicly available reviews on platforms like G2, TrustRadius, or SaaSworthy.
7. FeatBit
FeatBit feature flags list showing flag status, tags, and last updated timestamps — open-source feature flagging tools comparison
Source
What is FeatBit?
FeatBit is an MIT-licensed feature flag service founded in 2021, built primarily in C#. The platform supports traditional deployment pipelines as well as AI-native workflows, so you can control feature rollouts and experiments without using multiple tools.
The platform itself is an AI-native feature flag platform. This means it can guide release and experimentation decisions using AI agents, even if your team doesn’t have dedicated data scientists.
It also supports self-hosting on Kubernetes, Docker Compose, and in the cloud.
Supporting SDKs
FeatBit provides 9 client-side and server-side SDKs for a wide range of platforms:
Backend:
Node.js, Python, Java, Go, C#/.NET, Ruby, PHP
Frontend / Client:
JavaScript, React, Flutter, Swift, Kotlin
Edge & other platforms:
APIs and SDKs for integration into custom environments
Key capabilities
Feature flags and remote configuration
: Toggle features and manage key-value configurations dynamically across environments. You do get advanced segmentation and targeting, but limited experimentation capabilities.
AI-guided release decisions
: Automate experiments and flag evaluations using AI agents to optimize rollouts.
AI Copilot:
It integrates with coding workflows and developer tools via an MCP server and AI agents. As a result, it can answer queries or suggest actions related to feature flag workflows or rollouts.
Featbit CLI and developer tools
: You get a dedicated command-line interface for managing flags, which integrates with your workflows.
Pros of Featbit
Your entire team can use FeatBit without a single licensing conversation. Unlimited flags, unlimited seats, no per-environment charges. If you’ve been burned by per-seat pricing, you can consider it.
If you’re an ASP.NET Core team, FeatBit’s native .NET SDK is arguably the strongest open-source feature flag option for your stack. The C# foundation makes integration feel natural rather than bolted-on.
The simplified standalone deployment mode (PostgreSQL only) means you can get FeatBit running without managing Kafka or ClickHouse. You don’t have to deal with additional operational overhead if you’re a smaller team.
Cons of Featbit
The A/B testing will tell you whether a variant is statistically significant, but that’s about it. You can’t conduct complex experimental analysis — for example, Bayesian analysis or CUPED.
Experiment data doesn’t connect to your data warehouse. You’ll need to export results to Datadog, Amplitude, Grafana, or another tool for deeper analysis.
While FeatBit’s AI-guided release and experimentation capabilities reduce the need for a dedicated analytics team, they may require teams to trust AI recommendations over manual control. If you’re in a regulated industry, it could pose security and compliance issues.
Pricing
Featbit offers separate pricing plans for cloud and self-hosted infrastructure.
Online infra:
Free:
Up to 1,000 MAU across all connected SDKs.
Pro:
$45 per month for up to 15,000 MAU.
Growth:
$149 per month for up to 80,000 MAU.
Enterprise:
Starts from $3,999 per year for scalable MAU and enterprise features like dedicated SLA and support.
Self-host:
Foundation:
Free for the fully open-source platform.
Enterprise:
It starts from $3,999 per year. You get additional features, such as approval workflows and auto-sync agents.
Enterprise Premium:
You need to contact the team for a quote.
Who is Featbit best for?
Featbit works well for cost-conscious .NET teams that want feature flags with basic built-in A/B testing and zero licensing costs. If you’re running ASP.NET Core and don’t need advanced statistics, it gives you more out of the box than any other tool at this price point.
Ratings and reviews
It’s not listed on any major review platform as of March 2026.
8. Flipper
Flipper Cloud feature flag detail view showing percentage of actors, groups, and danger zone controls — open-source feature flagging tools comparison
Source
What is Flipper?
Flipper is the feature flag tool the Ruby community has used for over a decade. It was created by Ruby veteran Johnny Nunemaker (formerly of GitHub) and maintained by Fewer & Faster.
Flipper does one thing and does it well: simple, performant feature flags for Ruby applications. It can be used for a variety of use cases beyond
decoupling deployment from release
. Engineering teams can also use the feature flags for internal tools, circuit breakers, backup provider cutovers, and temporarily blocking bad actors.
Supporting SDKs
Ruby
: Primary SDK via the Flipper gem.
JavaScript
: For frontend and Node.js environments.
Adapters
: ActiveRecord, Sequel, Redis, Mongo, AS::CacheStore, Moneta, and others for backend storage integration.
API and CLI
: REST API and CLI for custom workflows and automation.
Key capabilities
Feature flags with flexible gate types:
Toggle features on or off for individual users, groups (like beta testers or power users), or a percentage of users. Expression-based rules let you target users based on properties such as plan type, country, or account age.
Audit history and Slack notifications:
Every flag change is logged with timestamps and who made it across all environments. Slack integration pushes real-time notifications when flags change, so your team stays in sync.
Flag lifecycle management:
You can assign feature owners to each flag and track when each flag was last evaluated in each environment to determine when it’s safe to remove. You can also use tags to categorize flags by type (temporary, circuit breaker, etc.) or application area.
Local-first resilience with adapter-based storage:
Flag evaluations happen locally within your application, so performance is unaffected, and flags keep working even if Flipper Cloud goes offline.
Pros of Flipper
If you’re on Rails, you can adopt it quite quickly. All you have to do is add the gem and run a migration to start managing flags.
The platform is quite flexible and easy to use. It can support
custom use cases
, such as creating actor identifiers and setting up analytics event tracking.
Cons of Flipper
It’s Ruby only, and TypeScript support is experimental. If your architecture includes Python services, Go microservices, or mobile apps, it’s not the right platform for you.
There are no A/B testing or experimentation features. You can enable a feature for 50% of users, but you can’t measure whether it made a difference. For actual experimental analysis, you’ll need a completely separate tool and workflow.
Every flag is Boolean-only. If you need multivariate experiments (show 3 different checkout flows to different segments), you’re managing separate flags for each variant.
Pricing
Open-Source Gem (Free):
Only 5 flags with two members are allowed on the plan.
Cloud Bronze:
$49 per month for up to 10 users, unlimited flags, one-day analytics retention period, and one custom environment.
Cloud Silver:
$149 per month for up to 25 users, one-week analytics retention period, and two custom environments.
Cloud Gold:
50 seats for up to 50 users, one-month analytics retention period, and advanced permissioning capabilities.
Who is Flipper best for?
Rails developers and Ruby-first teams that want the simplest, most ergonomic feature flag experience available for their stack. If you don’t need experimentation, multi-language support, or analytics — and you just want flags that work beautifully in Rails — Flipper has been the answer for over a decade.
Ratings and reviews
They’re not listed on G2, Capterra, or TrustRadius. Most of the community feedback lives in developer blogs, Ruby forums, and GitHub, and it’s mostly positive because of its ease of integration and reliability.
Which open-source feature flag platform is right for you?
Here’s a quick refresher to decide which one’s the best choice for your needs:
Choose GrowthBook if
you want the most complete, enterprise-class,
open-source feature flagging platform
: 24+ SDKs with sub-millisecond local evaluation, Safe Rollouts with warehouse-connected guardrail metrics, SOC 2 Type II and ISO 27001 compliance, and caching at every layer of your architecture. And when you’re ready to measure impact, the built-in experimentation engine (Bayesian, frequentist, CUPED, sequential testing, bandits) means you never have to rip out your flagging infrastructure to add A/B testing.
Choose Unleash if
enterprise governance and compliance are non-negotiable. You get features like change request approvals, audit logging, ServiceNow integration, and FedRAMP support, which make it the default for regulated industries where flag changes require the same rigor as production database migrations.
Choose Flagsmith if
you want the fastest path to a working flag with remote configuration and native analytics integrations. It’s ideal for solo developers and mid-market teams that prioritize safety and speed over experimentation.
Choose PostHog if
you’d rather consolidate analytics, flags, experiments, and session replay into one platform than optimize any single capability. The generous free tier and integrated analytics make it a strong fit for early-stage teams that want breadth over depth.
Choose Flipt if
your team manages everything in Git and wants flag changes to go through the same PR and CI/CD workflow as application code.
Choose FeatureHub if
you’re running on Kubernetes and want lightweight, cloud-native flag management with real-time streaming.
Choose FeatBit if
you’re a .NET/C# team that wants feature flags with basic built-in A/B testing at no licensing cost.
Choose Flipper if
you’re a Rails team that wants the simplest, most ergonomic feature flag experience available for Ruby.
Avoid vendor lock-in with the right open-source feature flagging platform
Choosing an open-source platform for your feature flagging needs doesn’t have to be overly complicated. But you do need to know
why
you’re moving to a full-fledged platform and how it fits into your tech stack.
The right platform can change how your team ships features and iterates with confidence. The best open-source options give you safe deployments, sophisticated targeting, warehouse-connected guardrail metrics, and the flexibility to cache and extend the platform to fit your architecture.
The difference is that the platform was built with experimentation in mind — and feature flags act as the core delivery mechanism for this purpose. If that’s a core use case for your organization, it’s time to make the switch.
Learn more about how
GrowthBook compares
to
PostHog
,
LaunchDarkly
, and many others.
Start for free
or book a
demo
to see how GrowthBook can help you deploy features at scale with a more data-driven approach.
Experiments
The Edge Podcast
How Fanatics made experimentation a strategic growth driver
May 12, 2026
Topics
Experiments
The Edge Podcast
Release
Experiments
The Edge Podcast
Featured
true
Body
Ten years ago, experimentation at
Fanatics
was a boutique CRO team running about 10 tests in a month, mostly conversion nudges. Today, they run close to 100 experiments a month across a multi-billion dollar e-commerce business with 60 million monthly visits and roughly 900 sites spanning every major sports league.
The impact is staggering. Experimentation consistently delivers about 8% of total annual growth at Fanatics. When you are a $3B business, 8% means hundreds of millions in growth, year after year.
Medha Umarji
, VP of growth and experimentation at Fanatics, joined me on
The Experimentation Edge
to share how they built this engine. The story is not about a single tool or methodology. It is about culture, infrastructure, and a relentless commitment to learning from every test they run.
It starts at the top: a CEO who lives the data culture
The most common barrier to scaling experimentation is not technical. It is cultural. Teams struggle to get
leadership buy-in
, fight to justify test cycles, and spend more time selling the idea of testing than actually testing.
Fanatics does not have that problem. Their CEO, CPO, and the entire C-suite are actively engaged in experiment outcomes. But what makes Fanatics unusual is not just executive support. It is executive humility.
"Our CEO is so data-driven," Medha told me. "He literally consumes Excel spreadsheets. He does not shy away from data on the slides. He wants to see everything. And he will question everything." More importantly, he is openly willing to have his mind changed when the data contradicts his intuition.
That humility at the top cascades through the entire organization. When the CEO demonstrates that his intuition isn’t what matters, it’s the data. He is leading by example and sets the tone for everyone else. As Medha put it, "that humility is very much a part of the culture here."
The result is a fundamental shift in how teams approach new initiatives. The conversation at Fanatics moved from "why should we test this?" to "how do we test this?" When people default to asking how to measure something rather than whether they should measure it at all, you know
experimentation has become strategic
.
Building the learning infrastructure: the experimentation wiki
Culture gets you buy-in. Infrastructure turns that buy-in into compounding returns.
Early on, Fanatics had the same problem most experimentation teams face:
test results
lived in scattered PowerPoints and Word documents buried in shared drives. Finding what you had already learned was almost as hard as learning it in the first place.
So they built a wiki. Not a passive knowledge base, but a structured system where every test result lives alongside causal interpretations, screenshots, video recordings of the experience, and a detailed next-steps section.
The next-steps section is where the magic happens. Those recommendations auto-feed a JIRA backlog, creating a flywheel that keeps the experimentation engine running without waiting on new engineering work. The features are already built from previous tests. The team fills roadmap bandwidth gaps with iterations sourced directly from the wiki.
"It has sort of become our growth engine," Medha said. And she means that literally. The wiki does not just store results. It generates the next wave of experiments.
Meta-analysis: turning individual tests into institutional knowledge
A single test tells you what happened. A pattern across tests tells you why.
Medha pushes her team to build a meta-analysis table after running 3 or more tests on the same feature. Three messaging variants, 3 price points, 3 layout treatments, all summarized in one consumable view. Stakeholders can skip individual test briefs and see the pattern at a glance.
This practice converts isolated experiments into institutional knowledge. Instead of each test existing as a standalone result, the meta-analysis reveals which variables actually matter and which ones are noise. It is the difference between having a pile of test results and having a learning program.
The wiki is now also feeding AI tools like Glean and Claude, enabling self-serve analysis across the entire test history. Teams can ask questions about what Fanatics has already learned about a feature without reading every individual brief. The institutional knowledge is becoming searchable and composable.
Going beyond surface metrics: the ads experiment
Rigor at Fanatics goes deeper than statistical significance. Medha shared a story that illustrates exactly how.
The team tested removing ads from their product grid pages. Everyone wanted the ads gone. They cluttered the experience and made the site look less polished. The first test run returned a positive result at 95% statistical significance. Revenue was up. The team celebrated.
But at Fanatics, a top-line win is not the end of the analysis. It is the beginning.
The team traces every positive result through a chain of micro-metrics: Did users scroll more? Were more products viewed? Did grid-to-cart conversion increase? If the top-line metric moved,
something
in the user behavior should have moved too.
In this case, the causal chain did not hold up. The micro-metrics were not moving in ways that explained the revenue lift. So they did something most teams would not do: they turned the test off and reran it.
The second run was flat. A textbook
false positive
, the 1-in-20 that a 95% confidence level tells you to expect. They had tested this same change 6 to 8 times over the years, and the result was always the same: flat.
The customer insight was counterintuitive. Even though the website looks cleaner without ads, customers simply gloss over them. Banner blindness is real. The ads were not degrading the measured experience.
The lesson is clear: a single metric is not enough to declare a win. If you cannot trace the causal chain from the user behavior change to the top-line result, you do not have a real finding. You have a number. Replication and guardrail metrics are how you tell the difference.
Risk avoidance: the underrated half of experimentation
Most teams measure experimentation success by the wins they ship. Medha argues the bigger value comes from the losses they prevent.
"Your odds of winning at roulette or poker are probably higher than your odds at winning at experimentation," she told me. And the data backs her up.
Most experiments are inconclusive or negative.
Only about 10-20% produce a measurable win.
But think about what that means in practice. If you are running 10 experiments and 2 are winners, a few are flat, and 1 or 2 are losers, simply catching the losers before they ship can double your net growth impact. The winners add value. Avoiding the losers preserves it.
This is where Fanatics built their "do no harm" framework. For changes that are hard to measure with traditional
A/B testing
metrics, like branding plays, customer sentiment improvements, or post-purchase experience changes, they use non-inferiority guardrails. As long as primary KPIs are not hurt, teams can ship changes supported by user research rather than conversion lifts.
The danger is assuming a change will "do no harm" without testing it. Humans are terrible at guessing what will have an impact and what will not. A change that seems obviously harmless can quietly erode conversion, and you will never know because your overall business growth masks the damage. These are the silent killers: bad changes hidden by a growing top line. You never know what your growth
could
be if you were catching every loser.
Medha says quantifying avoided risk is "the next frontier" for her team. It is an under-quantified, under-appreciated dimension of experimentation value, and one that more teams should be tracking.
What other teams can learn from Fanatics
Fanatics did not build a world-class experimentation program overnight. It took a decade. But the principles behind their success are applicable at any scale.
Start with leadership buy-in rooted in humility, not just support. Build infrastructure that turns test results into a self-sustaining backlog. Invest in meta-analysis so individual tests compound into institutional knowledge. Go beyond surface metrics and trace the causal chain before declaring wins. And measure the value of risk avoidance, not just the value of wins shipped.
Medha's advice for teams just getting started: find the teams already inclined toward data, build wins with them, and keep the barrier low. Do not gate-keep rigor so tightly that nobody adopts. You can always raise the bar once the culture is in place.
Listen to my conversation with Medha on The Experimentation Edge podcast. And if you are building your own experimentation program,
GrowthBook
gives you the platform to run, analyze, and learn from every experiment at scale.
Feature Flags
Featured
12 common feature flag mistakes to avoid
May 1, 2026
Topics
Feature Flags
Featured
Release
Feature Flags
Featured
Featured
true
Body
Feature flags
almost always start as a matter of convenience. Maybe you’d like to control a feature’s release, or reduce the risk associated with every deployment. But the ones you ship today keep running tomorrow, and the ones you ship next quarter run alongside them.
Next thing you know, you’re operating a distributed system inside your distributed system—one with its own state, its own consistency problems, and its own failure modes.
The trouble is that most of these failures are quiet. And you won’t know until they do
real
damage to your infrastructure.
In this article, we’ll walk you through 12 feature flagging mistakes and how you can avoid them irrespective of your team size and usage.
Why feature flags fail in real-world systems
Like any other tool,
feature flags
are prone to incidents because of how they’re used in the first place. If you look at public postmortems from engineering teams that run thousands of flags, the damage traces back to how a flag was created or managed.
Now think about how you treat a feature flag. It gets a pull request, a Slack emoji, and a long, quiet life nobody tracks. That asymmetry is where things break down. At 10 flags, you carry the full picture in your head. At 100, you rely on a spreadsheet and good intentions. At 1,000, ownership becomes tribal knowledge, and stale flags pile up faster than anyone can clean them.
It’s also why companies like Uber built
Piranha
, a tool specifically designed to retire more than 2,000 stale flags. Its teams realized that manual cleanup processes could never keep up with the pace at which flags were created.
You don’t know what you don’t know. So, incidents also happen because you’re not sure what problems flags can create in the first place. Unless you know the pitfalls, it’s hard to implement the right governance measures to prevent that.
12 common feature flag mistakes that reduce its efficacy
Here are some of the most common mistakes
engineering teams
make while using feature flags.
‍
These mistakes fall into three broader categories, which include:
Implementation mistakes:
These issues live in your code and are introduced when you create the flags themselves. They usually stay invisible until something breaks in production.
Operational mistakes:
These are process gaps that widen over time and turn manageable flag counts into unmanageable debt.
Strategic mistakes:
These are the larger missed opportunities because it includes the ways your flag practice could generate more value but doesn't, because nobody designed for it.
Implementation mistakes with feature flagging
1. Reusing feature flags
You shipped a flag six months ago. The feature is live, everyone’s happy, and the flag name is just sitting there in the codebase. So when you’re adding a toggle to a new feature, you might think about reusing the name. But that’s a bad idea.
Knight Capital
learned this in the most expensive way possible. In 2012, an engineer repurposed a flag name still tied to an obsolete trading algorithm. The deployment activated the old code path instead of the new one, and within 45 minutes, the firm
lost $460 million.
How to avoid it:
Treat flag names as immutable. Once you’ve deployed a flag, retire the name after you retire the flag. If you’re using a feature flagging platform like GrowthBook, it enforces this with regex-based naming validation that catches duplications before they reach production.
2. Using client-side flags for security
You use a feature flag to gate access to premium features or admin functionality on the client side. But the problem is that client-side flags are visible to users. Anyone with browser DevTools can:
Inspect the
SDK payload
and see every flag and its rules
Figure out exactly what’s being gated
Modify the local flag state
Call your API directly to bypass it
Feature flags control visibility, not access. They decide what users see—not what they’re authorized to do.
How to avoid it:
Keep your authorization logic server-side. Use feature flags for UI presentation but enforce actual access control through your backend. For an additional layer of protection, GrowthBook supports encrypted SDK payloads that obfuscate
client-side flag configurations
. So it makes it much harder to reverse-engineer your flag rules.
GrowthBook SDK Payload Security settings showing Plain Text, Ciphered, and Remote Evaluated options.
Source
3. Not testing all flag states
Your CI/CD pipeline tests your application with the current production flag configuration. But does it test what happens when the new flag is turned on or off? If you’re only testing one state, you’re assuming the other works, and that assumption may not always hold up in reality.
That’s how Slack dealt with a
6-hour outage
back in 2020. When its team rolled out a feature flag, it triggered a performance bug. Even though they caught the bug and rolled back within 3 minutes, the rollback left a stale HAProxy state that caused the outage.
How to avoid it:
You can avoid this by testing the current production state, the new state you’re rolling out, and the rollback state for every flag you deploy. GrowthBook offers a
simulation tool
that lets you see how different rules impact what users see and you can even test it in different states.
That said, it’s a simulation of what user see, not how the flag will behave so you need to run an actual experiment for that purpose.
Example of how GrowthBook’s simulation feature works.
Source
4. Overloading a single flag with too much logic
Let’s say you created a flag called new-dashboard. It was meant as a toggle for the new UI. But over time, your product team could’ve asked you to display the new analytics panel if the user is in the Enterprise tier. Now the flag controls two behaviors and you can’t change one without risking the other.
Even if you have 10 flags with clean boolean logic, you’ve already created 1,024 possible code paths. Overloading
every
single one of those with complex logic complicates this.
How to avoid it:
Apply the same single-responsibility principle you’d use for any function or class. If a feature requires multiple independent toggles, create separate flags and use
prerequisite flags
to define their dependencies.
Add prerequisites to new feature flags to ensure dependencies are mapped properly.
Source
Operational mistakes with feature flagging
5. Letting flags become zombie flags
A zombie flag is a flag that’s still in your codebase but no longer serves any useful purpose. It increases your technical debt and the problem doesn’t stop there. Every zombie flag adds a conditional branch that your team has to debug or manage in the future. That’s why you need the right governance measures in place to stop flags from accumulating in the first place.
How to avoid it:
The simplest way is to define the flag type and the time it should be live. For example, if it’s a release toggle, set a calendar reminder or
Jira ticket
to clean it up after 30 days.
Or use a feature flagging platform that offers
stale feature flag detection
. For instance, GrowthBook identifies stale flags automatically, and when you use it with
Code References
, you’ll know where these flags are present—making cleanup easier.
Source
6. Poor naming conventions
Compare these two lists:
// Typical naming convention
gb.isOn(
"ff-123"
)
gb.isOn(
"test"
)
gb.isOn(
"experiment_2"
)
gb.isOn(
"new-thing"
)
// Self-documenting
gb.isOn(
"new-checkout-flow"
)
gb.isOn(
"holiday-2024-promo-banner"
)
gb.isOn(
"pricing-page-v2-experiment"
)
gb.isOn(
"premium-analytics-entitlement"
)
The first set is vague at best. If something goes wrong, you’ll spend too much time wading through your commit history and Slack threads to figure out what it means. The second one, however, tells you why the flag was made and for which rollout or experiment.
How to avoid it:
Establish a naming convention early and enforce it. A good pattern includes the feature area, intent, and optionally a timestamp or version:
{feature-area}-{description}-{type}
So: checkout-redesign-release, pricing-page-v2-experiment, eu-compliance-widget-killswitch. GrowthBook lets you enforce naming patterns with regex validation. If you accidentally reuse an older flag’s name, it’ll reject it and force you to create another one.
7. No ownership or lifecycle management
If you don’t require your team to own a flag when they create or use it, you’ll end up with a codebase full of decisions nobody can explain. It makes the cleanup and auditing process almost impossible because no one has the necessary context for the flag’s purpose and usage.
Without it, you can’t answer basic questions:
Who do you page when this flag behaves unexpectedly?
Who decides when it’s safe to retire?
Who’s accountable if it causes an incident?
How to avoid it:
Assign an owner to every flag when it’s being created. It has to be an individual so there’s a clear line of accountability when they move out of the role—and someone else steps in. GrowthBook supports flag-level ownership and project-based organization, so you can filter by owner and quickly see who’s responsible for what.
8. Ignoring rollback procedures
Most teams think about rollback as “just turn the flag off.” And for simple boolean flags, that might work. But you also need to remember that flags don’t exist in isolation. A rollout can trigger side effects that don’t reverse when you roll it back.
How to avoid it:
For every flag rollout, document what happens beyond the flag itself. Ask:
Does this rollout trigger any irreversible writes?
Will caches, queues, or third-party integrations retain state from the rolled-out version?
Does the rollback path need its own deployment, or is flipping the flag truly enough?
This is where testing comes into the picture. But also, you should have a way to gradually roll out features so that when you see an inkling of something problematic, you can roll back before the blast radius expands.
For instance, GrowthBook offers a
Feature Diagnostics
that lets you inspect how flags are actually evaluated in production. As a result, you can verify what’s actually happening or has happened in one place.
GrowthBook’s Feature Diagnostics dashboard showing a list of feature evaluations.
Source
Strategic mistakes with feature flagging
9. Treating feature flags as a short-term tool only
Most teams adopt feature flags for one reason: safer releases. And that’s a perfectly good reason. But that’s never the end of it. If you only think of flags as temporary release wrappers, you never build the governance or engineering mindset you need to sustain them at scale.
Over time, you’ll end up with thousands of ad hoc flags that become a pain to manage or even clean up because nobody designed a system to handle them. That’s why you need to treat feature flags as a critical part of your code’s infrastructure.
How to avoid it:
Build a governance system that acts like you’ll be managing 100 flags in a week, even if you’re not right now. GrowthBook gives you the scaffolding for this. Here are a few ways it does that:
Force naming conventions through regex validation
Allow flag and project-level ownership
Provides the ability to
schedule flags
to roll out and back
Build
approval workflows
to control who can deploy flags
Create kill switches that work as long-lived flags
An example of how you can create Approval Flows in GrowthBook
Source
10. Lack of observability and metrics
Unless you have observability tied to your flags, you’re flying blind. Most engineering teams monitor infrastructure metrics like error rates but don’t connect the flag’s state to the product’s metrics. Let’s say there’s a 5% drop in a payment feature’s performance, you won’t notice it in real time.
How to avoid it:
Tie your flags to the metrics that matter. Every flag rollout should have at least one success metric and one guardrail metric defined
before
you flip the switch. GrowthBook’s
Safe Rollouts
does this natively. You can select the guardrail metrics and the platform monitors behavior in real time.
You can even set the rollout cadence using Ramp Schedules where you can define the percentage thresholds and the platform handles the increments automatically. And because the platform is
warehouse-native
, it analyzes your metrics directly in your data warehouse—reducing latency.
Monitor the performance of feature rollouts in real time within GrowthBook.
Source
11. No segmentation or controlled rollouts
Gone are the days when Big Bang deployments were the only way to release a feature or system. You no longer have to wait with bated breath for every deployment, because controlled rollouts let you test a deployment with a small segment of users before rolling the feature out completely.
You start with 5% of traffic, monitor the results, and expand gradually. If something goes wrong, you’ve affected a fraction of your users instead of all of them.
How to avoid it:
Use percentage-based rollouts as the default for every flag, and use targeting rules to control who sees the feature, not just how many.
GrowthBook supports
attribute-based targeting
with AND/OR logic, where you can segment by geography, subscription tier, device type, company ID, or any custom attribute you define. You can use that with
Saved Groups
for reusable audience segments and percentage rollouts with deterministic hashing, so the same user always gets the same experience.
A list of attributes you can define within GrowthBook.
Source
12. Not connecting feature flags to experimentation
This problem stems from a lack of observability. You already have the delivery mechanism and the underlying infrastructure in place to experiment. But many engineering teams still don’t
measure performance
using this system.
They ship the feature, confirm it doesn’t break anything, and move on. But they never ask: “
Did it actually improve anything?”
How to avoid it:
When you create a flag for a new feature, ask whether it’s also a candidate for an experiment. If so, attach metrics to the flag and measure the difference between the old and new experiences. Many engineering teams call these “do no harm experiments” where you’re not running a full-blown experiment. But you’re attaching a few guardrail metrics to every rollout to see if a release affects something that matters.
Alternatively, if you’re already running experiments, start using feature flags to make the process easier.
GrowthBook makes this simpler by keeping
feature flags and experiments
on the same platform. You can turn any feature flag into an experiment with a few clicks by just:
Assign users to control and variation groups
Defining success metrics
Using the GrowthBook’s stats engine for analysis
A modal window showing how you can use feature flags to set up experiments in GrowthBook.
Source
How lack of proper feature flagging practices can break the system at scale
At 20 flags, these mistakes are minor inconveniences. But at 200 flags, they’re systemic risks.
When you start implementing
feature flags at scale
, it turns them from a simple coding tool to a critical part of your coding infrastructure. At that level, even small mistakes can balloon into complicated (and expensive) incidents if you don’t manage them well.
Facebook’s 2021 outage
is one example of this pattern. During routine maintenance, an engineer issued a command to assess backbone capacity via a functional global ops flag.
Unfortunately, it unintentionally severed all connections between Facebook’s data centers. Even though the internal audit system should’ve blocked the command, a bug allowed it through. The 6-hour outage resulted in a $100 million revenue loss and affected 3.5 billion users.
That’s why you need to implement these best practices carefully because the incidents don’t scale linearly. If you’d like to learn how to build the right feature flagging infrastructure at scale, check out this guide.
Related:
Learn more about
release management best practices
to follow.
Where most teams go wrong with feature flags
You don’t experience high-risk incidents because of feature flags themselves. But rather because of
how
you use them.
Ultimately, feature flags are a distributed system that’s constantly growing within your infrastructure. That’s why you need the same discipline you apply to any other production infrastructure. Measures like feature flag governance and observability are table stakes today—and the only way to prevent technical debt in the long run.
If you’re looking for a feature flagging platform that operationalizes this line of thinking,
try out GrowthBook for free
.
Experiments
Guides
Data Science
Featured
A practitioner's guide to treatment effects in experimentation: ATE, CATE, ITT, LATE & ATT explained
May 1, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Guides
Data Science
Featured
Release
Experiments
Guides
Data Science
Featured
Featured
true
Body
A practitioner's guide to the treatment effects hiding behind your experiment’s number — ATE, CATE, ITT, LATE, ATT — with the vocabulary for telling them apart.
What treatment effect is your experiment actually measuring?
Your junior data analyst reports from the free trial experiment: customers who activated the trial ordered +2.0 more times per month than those who didn't.
Your senior data scientist investigates the same data and reports: the
Average Treatment Effect
of the trial offer is +0.9 orders per month per customer.
Same experiment, two numbers. Which one goes in the deck?
Both sound reasonable on the surface. Only one of them is a fair answer to a well-defined question. The other conflates the effect of the offer with the pre-existing differences between customers who engage with offers and customers who don't.
Every experiment looks like a
single number on a dashboard
, but the same data can be summarized in more than one way. The number you see depends on who you're averaging across, what you actually randomized, and whether you count the customers who ignored the treatment. This piece walks through those choices using a framework called
potential outcomes
, and gives you the vocabulary for asking which number actually answers your business question.
Two customers, two treatment effects
You run a food delivery platform. There's a subscription: pay a monthly fee, get free delivery on every order. It pays for itself at around two orders per month, but take-up is poor. Most customers don't find it, or they just don't want yet another subscription to manage. To enlist them, you run a 30-day free trial. The outcome you care about is each customer's
monthly order
frequency
: the number of deliveries they place in a month.
Think about two customers in your sample.
Adiya
orders four or five times a month. She's a high-frequency customer who knows the app inside out; she'd probably try the subscription on her own eventually.
Marco
orders once or twice a month. He doesn't explore features beyond what he needs.
If the free trial landed in front of them, what would happen?
Adiya is already ordering a lot, and free delivery wouldn't meaningfully change her habits. Her frequency goes up by about +0.5. Marco is different. He'd never bother with the subscription on his own, but if the trial shows up in the app, he tries it, and discovers that free delivery feels better than he expected. He starts ordering more often. His frequency goes up by +1.5.
Same offer, very different effects.
Two potential outcomes per customer
Look carefully at what we just said about Adiya. Her frequency goes up by +0.5 "if the trial lands in her app." That's a statement about a hypothetical. It implies there are two versions of Adiya's purchasing behavior: one where she receives the trial offer, and one where she doesn't. Each version produces a different order frequency.
Adiya's two versions: about 4.5 orders per month without the offer, about 5 with it. Marco's two versions: about 1.5 without, about 3 with. The difference between the two versions is the effect of the trial on that customer.
These two versions are called
potential outcomes
. We label them Y(0) for "without the offer" and Y(1) for "with the offer." For each customer, Y(1) − Y(0) is the effect of the offer on them.
In the real world, each customer only lives one of their two versions. If Adiya is offered the trial, we observe her Y(1); her Y(0), the world where she wasn't offered, never happens. We can never compute her individual Y(1) − Y(0). This is the
fundamental problem of causal inference
(Holland, 1986): you never see both potential outcomes for the same customer, so you can never measure directly a causal effect for any individual.
What you can do, and what the rest of this post is about, is measure averages across many customers. Randomization is what makes those averages fair to compare.
Picturing potential outcomes
Now let's visualize Adiya and Marco alongside 18 other customers.
Figure 1: Potential outcomes for 20 customers. Adiya and Marco labeled.
Each dot is a customer. The x-axis is their Y(0), their frequency without the trial offer. The y-axis is Y(1), their frequency with the offer. A dot on the 45-degree line means the offer changes nothing for that customer. A dot above the line means the offer moves them to order more. The vertical distance from the line is that customer's treatment effect.
Adiya sits a little above the diagonal, +0.5. Marco sits noticeably higher, +1.5. Most other customers are in the same ballpark. A few sit right on the line because the offer did nothing for them.
This is the hypothetical view from the previous section: both potential outcomes for every customer, side by side. In the real world, you only ever see one outcome per customer.
What could this look like with a larger sample? The next figure shows the same hypothetical pairs of potential outcomes for 10,000 customers. The cloud tells you something the 20-customer version couldn't. Most customers sit above the 45-degree line, so the offer works for most of them. But the vertical distance varies wildly from customer to customer. Some customers float more than two orders above the diagonal, others sit right on it. The free trial's effect isn't a single number. It's almost as many different numbers as there are customers.
Figure 2: Potential outcomes for 10,000 customers.
The dashed gray lines mark the averages. Without the offer, this population would order about two times per month. With it, almost three. That's the level we'll come back to.
Selection bias: mistaking intent for treatment effect
Before we get to randomization, look at what happens when you try to measure the effect the obvious way, without randomization.
A junior analyst looks at customers who were offered the trial and splits them into two groups: activators who took it up, and non-activators who didn't. He compares their orders. Activators averaged +2.0 orders per month more than non-activators.
Figure 3: Activators vs non-activators among customers offered the trial.
Activators are in purple; non-activators are in orange. The non-activators cluster along the 45-degree line because the offer didn't change their behavior; they never engaged with it. Many activators float above the diagonal, most of them noticeably higher.
But look at where each group sits on the x-axis. Non-activators are concentrated on the low end. These are the customers who would not order much regardless. Activators skew toward higher no-trial order rates. They are more engaged anyway.
The junior analyst's +2.0 isn't the effect of the trial offer. It's the effect of the offer on activators plus the baseline difference in order intent. He's conflating two things at once: the effect of the offer, and the fundamental difference in intent between customers who engage with offers and customers who don't. This is called
selection bias
, and in this analysis it's inflating the estimate by more than a factor of two.
Why randomization fixes the bias
Random assignment
breaks the selection bias. Instead of splitting customers by a decision they made in response to the experiment, you split them before they've decided anything.
Offer the trial to a random half of your customers and hold it back from the other half. Now you can expect the groups to have the exact same baseline intent, because the only thing that made them different was chance. By chance alone, you now observe Y(0)'s in the control group, and Y(1)'s in the treatment group.
Now the comparison is fair. Any difference in outcomes between the groups has to come from the offer itself, because the offer is the only thing the groups differ on.
The fundamental problem still applies to individuals: you'll never see both of Adiya's potential outcomes. Randomization solves the group version of it: treatment and control are balanced on everything except the offer, which means you can fairly attribute the difference in their averages to the trial offer.
The Average Treatment Effect (ATE)
Let's take a small slice to see the magic of randomization concretely. Here are ten customers from the experiment. For each we've drawn both potential outcomes and noted which variation they were randomly assigned to. In reality you only see the outcome under their assignment. The rest are "?".
Customer
Y(0)
Y(1)
Effect
Assigned
Observed Y(0)
Observed Y(1)
Adiya
4.5
5.0
+0.5
Treatment
?
5.0
Marco
1.5
3.0
+1.5
Control
1.5
?
Yana
0.0
0.0
+0.0
Treatment
?
0.0
Scott
0.4
0.4
+0.0
Control
0.4
?
Hassan
0.9
3.2
+2.2
Treatment
?
3.2
Jason
0.8
0.8
+0.0
Treatment
?
0.8
Luke
0.3
2.3
+2.0
Control
0.3
?
Ashley
5.2
5.9
+0.7
Treatment
?
5.9
Milena
3.6
5.1
+1.5
Control
3.6
?
Giacomo
4.2
5.3
+1.1
Control
4.2
?
Mean
2.2
3.1
+0.9
2.0
3.0
The true average effect across these ten, if you could see everything, is +0.9 orders per month. In the experiment you only see one outcome per customer, but you can take the mean of what you do see in each variation. The observed treatment-group mean is 3.0; the observed control-group mean is 2.0. The difference is +1.0, close to the true effect. With such a small sample, luck can drive the estimate in either direction. But in expectation, they're the same.
Under random assignment, the difference in observed means is an estimate of the average of those individual effects. Therefore, it is called an estimate of the Average Treatment Effect (ATE).
What is the Average Treatment Effect (ATE)?
The ATE is the average of Y(1) − Y(0) across all customers in your experiment. You can never compute it directly because you never have both potential outcomes for any one customer. But under random assignment, the difference in observed group means is an unbiased estimator of the ATE.
The ATE is what a standard
A/B test
is designed to estimate. Multiply it by your customer base and you have the business case to deploy.
Why the ATE isn't the full story
The ATE is by definition an average. Like any average, it hides the shape of the distribution behind it.
Figure 4: Distribution of individual treatment effects.
Here's the distribution of the individual treatment effects illustrated in the scatter plot above. A visible chunk of customers sit at exactly zero: the offer did nothing for them, the dots that sat on the diagonal earlier. Many others have a positive effect. A few gain more than two orders a month. The ATE of +0.9, marked as the dashed line, is the mean of this whole distribution.
Two customers at the same Y(0) can have very different individual effects, and two customers with the same individual effect can be at very different Y(0)s. The ATE collapses all of that variation into one number.
The Conditional Average Treatment Effect (CATE)
A nice average. Is that really all there is? Nothing more to say about the offer?
Back to Adiya and Marco. Her effect is +0.5, his is +1.5. The ATE of +0.9 falls between them, but it doesn't really describe either of them. It's an artifact of mixing two very different customer types into a single number.
Figure 4 shows the spread, but nothing about who sits where on it. To dig further, we can split the sample into subgroups we believe respond differently. For example, take the same 10,000 customers from Figure 2 and split them by their order frequency in the three months before the experiment. Split at the median, and you get two groups: low-frequency customers (the Marcos) and high-frequency customers (the Adiyas).
The average effect within each subgroup has a name of its own: the
Conditional Average Treatment Effect
, or CATE. Every
dimension split
in your experiment scorecard is a CATE.
What is the Conditional Average Treatment Effect (CATE)?
A CATE is the ATE conditional on one or more characteristics. It's the answer to "what's the treatment effect for customers who look like
this
?", where "
this
" can range from a broad subgroup to a specific individual.
Figure 5: Potential outcomes colored by pre-experiment order frequency.
The orange cloud floats higher above the diagonal than the purple. Low-frequency customers' CATE is +1.0 orders per month. High-frequency customers come in at +0.7. The overall ATE of +0.9 is the weighted average of the two.
In this experiment, low-frequency customers benefit most from the offer, yet Figure 3 shows many of them never activate. The hint here is that there could be potential in these low-frequency non-activators that never gets unlocked. Combining the pre-experiment split with activation gives you four informal segments (high/low frequency × activated/didn't) and a richer targeting picture — though note activation is only observable after the fact, while frequency is targetable upfront. Capturing the low-frequency potential probably requires upgrading the offer for that group: more visible placement, a longer trial window, messaging that emphasizes no commitment. When CATEs vary like this, the treatment has
heterogeneous (different) treatment effects
on different types of customers; for more on surfacing and acting on them, see
Your experiment lift is an average — which users actually benefited?
The Intention-to-Treat effect (ITT)
Something keeps nagging from Figure 3. The experiment offered the trial to a random half of customers. About 40% of them activated; the other 60% didn't bother. The ATE estimation uses all of them, while most of them obviously aren't affected. Is this really all we can muster?
The experiment randomized
the offer
, not the trial experience itself. Customers decided on their own whether to activate. The +0.9 is therefore the effect of being offered the trial, averaged across everyone who received the offer, activators and non-activators alike.
The question the junior analyst is trying to answer is: what's the effect of actually trialing? The +0.9 doesn't answer that question. It's the
Intention-to-Treat
effect, or ITT: the effect of the
assignment
, regardless of whether the assigned customer actually took up the treatment. When only some of the assigned take it up —
partial compliance
— the ITT dilutes toward zero as the non-takers pull the average down. When everyone assigned takes it up, ITT equals the effect of the treatment itself on everyone.
What is the Intention-to-Treat effect (ITT)?
The ITT is the effect of assignment, not of actually receiving the treatment. It includes customers assigned to treatment who never took it up — in our case, the 60% who dismissed it. When everyone assigned complies, ITT equals the effect of the treatment itself; when compliance is partial, the ITT dilutes. In experiments, this is relevant when what you consider treatment is not what you can assign directly, and take-up is thus voluntary.
The ITT is an honest number for the thing the experiment actually varied. But it isn't always the number the business needs. They might want the effect of the trial on customers who
actually used
it: the Marcos who changed their habits, not the ones who didn't bother.
The Local Average Treatment Effect (LATE)
Under some assumptions¹, you can get at it without running anything new. Divide the ITT by the activation rate, and the ratio estimates the
Local Average Treatment Effect
(LATE): the effect on compliers, customers who activated because the offer moved them to. In our experiment, LATE ≈ 0.9 / 0.4 ≈ +2.3 orders per month. Much bigger than the ITT, because the ITT averaged in zeros from everyone the offer didn't move. That could be part of the story too.
What is the Local Average Treatment Effect (LATE)?
The LATE is the average treatment effect on
compliers
: customers who took up the treatment because of their assignment, but wouldn't have on their own. It excludes always-takers (who'd take it regardless) and never-takers (who'd never take it). LATE is identified from experimental data using instrumental variables, when assignment is random and only affects outcomes through take-up.
Proper LATE estimation uses
instrumental variables
, which most experimentation platforms don't provide out of the box. The ratio formula above gives you a point estimate; IV gives you
confidence intervals
too.
For most practitioners, the takeaway is simpler. Your A/B test gives you an ATE of the thing you randomized. That's often the most actionable number for a ship decision, because it bakes in the drop-off: no matter how persuasive the prompt, some customers won't bother. If what you really care about is something downstream — the effect of actually trialling, not just being offered the trial — your ATE is an ITT of that downstream thing. LATE strips out the dilution and tells you the effect on the customers the offer actually moved. That is useful when you're decomposing the mechanism, less so for sizing the launch.
Five estimands at a glance
We've covered four estimands rooted in randomization — ATE, CATE, ITT, LATE. The table below adds a fifth, ATT, that you'll meet when randomization isn't on the table.
Estimand
Full name
What it answers
Where it shows up
ATE
Average Treatment Effect
What's the average effect across everyone in the experiment?
The standard number on an A/B test dashboard
CATE
Conditional Average Treatment Effect
What's the effect for customers with these characteristics?
Dimension splits, subgroup analysis, uplift modeling
ITT
Intention-to-Treat effect
What's the effect of being offered the treatment?
Any A/B test with partial compliance
LATE
Local Average Treatment Effect
What's the effect on customers who took the treatment because of the random assignment?
Experiments where the treatment of interest isn't what you assigned, instrumental variables
ATT
Average Treatment Effect on the Treated
What's the effect on customers who took the treatment, when not randomly assigned?
Observational methods and GeoLift experiments (matching, difference-in-differences, synthetic control)
ATT, the Average Treatment Effect on the Treated, is the version you'll meet the moment you can't randomize — observational studies, geo experiments, marketing campaigns deployed without a control. The randomization that gives the ATE its meaning is unavailable, and analysts fall back on identifying the effect specifically on the units that ended up treated.
What is the Average Treatment Effect on the Treated (ATT)?
The ATT is the average of Y(1) − Y(0) restricted to units that actually received the treatment. Under random assignment, ATT and ATE coincide because the treated and control groups look alike in expectation. Outside randomization — matching, difference-in-differences, synthetic control, GeoLift — that equivalence breaks, and the ATT is what those methods are designed to estimate.
Which treatment effect goes in the deck?
Your junior analyst had +2.0. Your senior data scientist had +0.9. We now have a vocabulary for what each one is, and what each one isn't.
The junior analyst's +2.0 isn't on the list. He compared the orders of customers who activated the trial with those who didn't, inside the treatment group, and reported the difference as the trial's effect. That's a biased comparison of two subpopulations with different baselines. Easy to compute, easy to misinterpret, and more common than it should be.
The senior data scientist's +0.9 is an ATE in the offer framing, and at the same time an ITT in the trial-experience framing. It's the effect of the thing the experiment actually varied. It isn't the effect of the trial itself on customers who used it, and if the launch discussion treats it that way, that's when you come in.
The point isn't to use more jargon with your stakeholders. It's to think more clearly yourself about
what a number represents
, and to frame the discussion around that.
When you absolutely, positively need to know exactly what your experiment measured — accept no substitutes.
References
Holland, P. W. (1986). "Statistics and Causal Inference."
Journal of the American Statistical Association
, 81(396), 945–960.
Imbens, G. W., & Angrist, J. D. (1994). "Identification and Estimation of Local Average Treatment Effects."
Econometrica
, 62(2), 467–475.
¹ Formally, the Wald estimator (ITT ÷ activation rate) identifies LATE under two key assumptions.
Monotonicity
: assignment (offer) doesn't make anyone less likely to take up treatment (trial). In our setup this is automatic because the trial is only available through the offer.
Exclusion restriction
: the offer affects orders only via activation, not directly; seeing the offer doesn't itself motivate orders. These sit on top of the usual random-assignment setup.
Experiments
Featured
Chasing velocity in A/B testing: why more experiments can mean less learning
April 29, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Featured
Release
Experiments
Featured
Featured
true
Body
TL;DR:
Experiment velocity is a useful diagnostic, not a goal. The moment you make it a KPI, teams start optimizing for the count instead of the learning, and the program quietly drifts toward trivial tests that answer trivial questions. The healthier target is the rate at which you learn, which usually requires a portfolio of easy, medium, and hard experiments.
‍
There is a particular kind of dysfunction that only shows up in experimentation programs that are working well. The team has the tooling. The events and data pipelines are working, metrics and results are trustworthy. Experiments ship every week. By every visible measure, the program is mature. But the experiments themselves keep getting smaller, the hypotheses keep getting safer, and the insights keep getting shallower. The program is producing more experiments than ever and somehow learning less. This is what happens when velocity stops being a diagnostic and starts being the goal.
It is a quiet failure mode, which is part of why it persists. Nothing breaks. No one misses a deadline, and the dashboards still tell a flattering story. The shift from "what is the most valuable thing to learn?" to "what is the fastest thing we can test?" happens one prioritization meeting at a time, and by the time anyone notices, it has become the way the team works. The trap is not that velocity is a bad thing to care about. It is that velocity, treated as the main metric, will reliably get you a program that runs more experiments and understands its users less.
Why experiment velocity became the main metric
Experimentation maturity is usually described in terms of throughput. The popular
crawl, walk, run framework
puts a handful of experiments at one end and thousands at the other, with every feature change running as an A/B test at the top tier. It is easy to extrapolate: if the most advanced teams run the most experiments, then running more experiments must be how you become advanced.
Teams that hit the “fly” level have done a lot right. They launch features behind a
feature flag
. They have the data piped so the marginal cost of an additional experiment is close to zero. They trust their experimentation platform and know how to interpret results. Culturally, they are more comfortable learning from users than arguing in planning meetings. Throughput matters.
If your team can only launch one experiment a quarter, you have a velocity problem. But it does not follow that maximizing the number of experiments is the right objective forever. That is where teams get into trouble.
The problem with velocity as a KPI
Velocity is a proxy for the real goal, which is learning what your users want from your product. A team running a lot of experiments looks like a team asking lots of questions, challenging assumptions, and replacing opinion with evidence. More tests, more learning. The logic is not wrong. It is just incomplete.
The moment a proxy becomes a target, people optimize for the measurement instead of the thing the measurement was supposed to represent. This is
Goodhart’s law
. When a measure becomes a target, it stops being a good measure.
Experiment velocity is a textbook example. If leaders say “we want to learn faster,” teams build better systems, reduce friction, and ask sharper questions. If leaders say “we need to run more experiments this quarter,” the behavior changes. Teams look for the fastest path to a count, not the fastest path to insight.
That makes the metric easy to game. A team can inflate velocity by prioritizing simple tests over difficult, high-value ones, or by launching half-formed tests just to show they are testing. From the dashboard, this looks like progress. In reality, the organization may be learning less.
The irony is that this produces the opposite of what leaders wanted. The original goal was faster learning and a better-performing product. Setting velocity as the headline KPI lowers the quality of that learning. Teams become more active but less ambitious. They generate fewer durable insights. The program optimizes for motion rather than understanding.
The hidden cost is shallower learning
Trivial experiments answer trivial questions. A button-color test tells you which variant got more clicks. It rarely tells you anything about your users, their motivations, or the constraints in your product.
A harder experiment often teaches something more generalizable. Suppose you move the paywall later in onboarding, and conversion to paid goes up. That result is not just about one UI sequence. It challenges an institutional belief about when users are ready for purchasing. It suggests users need more confidence before being asked to commit. It can influence pricing, packaging, and other related projects.
That is a qualitatively different kind of learning. The best experimentation programs do not just produce winners. They produce insight. They learn from experiments that fail and use those learnings to drive future iterations. They help an organization understand which assumptions were wrong. Chasing easy velocity sacrifices that deeper layer.
That same lesson shows up in
JPMorgan Chase's experimentation program
, where Kevin Yang argues that losing tests create much of the real value by stopping bad ideas before they scale.
Think like a portfolio manager
The fix is not to reject velocity. It is to stop treating velocity as the only mark of success. A healthy experimentation program runs a portfolio.
Some experiments should be
fast and cheap
. These iterative tests improve local conversion points, clarify messaging, and tune workflows. They keep momentum high and help teams build instincts.
Some should be
medium-scope
bets. A bigger design change, a more consequential workflow adjustment, a new targeting rule.
Some should be
hard
. These force you to instrument something new, redesign a key system, or challenge an assumption that has been sitting untouched for years.
If your portfolio only contains the first category, you are under-reaching. If it only contains the third, you are overloading the system. The right balance depends on team maturity, traffic, engineering capacity, and risk tolerance. But balance is the point. Not every experiment should be bold. Not every experiment should be easy.
What to measure instead of raw velocity
If you want teams to behave differently, measure differently. Velocity should still be measured, as it is a useful operational signal, but it should be used alongside other, harder to quantify measures:
• How many strategically important surfaces are actually being tested?
• What percentage of experiments target known bottlenecks in activation, retention, or monetization?
• Did the experiment teach us something reusable, even if the variant did not win?
• Are
hypotheses clear and well-structured
? Are they trying to understand user behaviour?
• Did the team define
guardrails
and
power the test
appropriately?
Experiment quality is not about launching tests. It is about designing them well enough that the result is trustworthy and useful.
Questions for experiment review
One practical fix is to change the review conversation. Instead of asking only “how many experiments did we run,” ask:
• What important question did this experiment answer?
• What assumption was being challenged?
• What did we learn that changes future roadmap decisions?
• What meaningful experiment are we currently avoiding because it is hard?
That last question is especially useful. Every mature product org has a backlog of experiments it is quietly avoiding. They are hard to instrument. They cross team boundaries. They touch pricing, relevance, or onboarding logic and feel risky. Those are often exactly the areas leaders should pay attention to.
Conclusion: velocity matters, but it is not the goal
The mission is to increase the rate at which your organization learns important truths about users, products, and business tradeoffs.
Sometimes that means running more experiments because your current process is too slow. Sometimes it means resisting the urge to inflate the count and putting real effort into the experiments that are harder, riskier, and more consequential.
A mature experimentation culture does not ask only “how can we run more tests?” It asks, “how can we run more of the right tests?” That is a much better optimization target. If you are building toward that kind of program,
GrowthBook
gives you the feature flagging,
metric definitions
, and analysis layer to make harder experiments easier to run.
Experiments
The Edge Podcast
What makes experimentation unique at Chess.com
April 24, 2026
Topics
Experiments
The Edge Podcast
Release
Experiments
The Edge Podcast
Featured
true
Body
Chess.com
has users who cannot move a pawn and users who play at FIDE competitive ratings. Both groups open the same app. For anyone running an experimentation program, that kind of skill variance changes almost every decision you make.
On the latest episode of
The Experimentation Edge
, I sat down with
Nafis Shaikh
, Director of Product Management at Chess.com, to talk about how his team designs experiments for a 10 million daily active user base that spans absolute beginners and rated competitors. Chess.com ran 400 experiments in 2024 and has set a goal of 1,000 in 2025, already 195 deep in Q1. The scale is impressive, but what makes their program genuinely different isn't the volume. It's what they've had to learn about designing for users whose needs pull in opposite directions, and their willingness to push past surface-level test results into something more useful.
Here's what stood out.
One product, wildly different users
Chess.com turned 20 last year. For most of its history, the product was built by Chess players for Chess players, which worked because the user base was relatively homogeneous. Starting in 2020, the population exploded. Today the app serves roughly 10 million daily active users, and the demographic spread inside that number is extreme.
Some users have never played Chess in their lives. They don't know how the pieces move. They don't know what a pin is. At the other end of the spectrum, Chess.com has FIDE-rated competitive players, people with tournament histories and formal ratings who are using the product to prepare for real games.
This is where one-size-fits-all quietly falls apart. Nafis gave a specific example: the app has an AI coach that talks to users during play, explaining what's happening and offering tips. The way the coach speaks to a rated player is, and has to be, completely different from how it speaks to someone who just learned how the knight moves. Throw advanced concepts at a beginner and you confuse them and make the experience worse. Dumb down the feedback for an expert and it's worthless.
For an
experimentation program
, this has a concrete implication: every test needs to think about
skill segments, not just aggregate results
. A feature that lifts engagement overall might be destroying the experience for 20% of users while thrilling another 20%. If you're only looking at the average, you miss it. You also pick the wrong winner.
A four-dimension framework for deciding what to measure
Nafis organizes every metric he cares about across four dimensions, and the order matters:
Inflows.
How effectively does the product bring new users in?
Engagement.
Once they're here, do they do the core thing? For Chess.com that means playing games, doing puzzles, using the coach.
Retention.
Do they come back?
Measured at D1, D7, and D30, with weekly active users segmented into new, current, and returning cohorts.
Monetization.
Do they start a trial, and do they end up paying for the subscription?
The order is deliberate. Nafis is explicit that most products cannot short-circuit to revenue.
"You actually have to give people a really solid product that they find value in. They'll come back and use the product more often. And when that tipping point hits, they're more likely to pay for your product because they've found the value in it."
Inside Chess.com this shows up as a deliberate division of labor. The monetization team optimizes monetization metrics. The gameplay team optimizes the core experience. These groups do not get confused about who owns what, and, crucially, the gameplay team isn't pressured to justify every experiment through a revenue lens. The bet is that a better core experience eventually lifts everything downstream.
If you're setting up an experimentation program, this is worth copying. Deciding which metrics each team owns, and which ones they explicitly do not, removes a huge source of noise from experiment results.
Going beyond "Did the KPI move?"
The part of our conversation that stuck with me most was Nafis's push to evolve how Chess.com treats experiment results.
A lot of experimentation programs live at the level of "we ran test X, metric Y moved Z%." That's fine. It's necessary. But it's not enough. Nafis calls the next question
"so what?"
What does this result actually say about how users behave? What were they doing in the control condition that makes them respond this way to the treatment? What does the side effect in that other metric tell you about the kind of user this feature attracts?
He also has strong feelings about write-ups. A result that ships as "yeah, this improves retention" is not worth much. The pattern Chess.com is moving toward is narrative: we launched this specific feature on this date, we saw this lift at this step of the funnel, it carried through to this downstream behavior, and here is what we now believe about our users that we did not believe before.
That discipline is what turns a test count into organizational learning. 1,000 experiments per year is a meaningless number if the team cannot tell you what it learned from them. The writing is where the learning gets captured.
Key learning: Chess.com users prefer to celebrate their wins
Now for the specific experiment that made me laugh out loud on the recording.
Chess.com has a feature called Game Review. After a game ends, the coach walks you through each of your moves and explains where you played well, where you blundered, and where you could have done something different. Game Review is Chess.com's freemium hook: everyone gets one free per day, and if you want more, you need a subscription. It's a huge driver of paid conversions.
The original design assumed something that felt obvious. When a player loses, they want to understand what went wrong. So the entry point to Game Review led with the things they had done poorly: here are your blunders, here are your misses, let's figure out what to fix.
Then the team looked at the data.
80% of Game Reviews were happening on wins.
Think about that for a second. Four out of five times a user reached for Game Review, they weren't trying to debug a loss. They were savoring a victory. The feature was introducing itself with a list of their mistakes, and people were opening it anyway, because what they actually wanted to see was the game where they won.
So they ran a test. Same feature. Same analysis engine. Same subscription gate. The only thing that changed was the entry point: instead of leading with "here are your blunders and misses," they led with "here are the good moves you made."
Game Review starts jumped 25%.
Subscription conversions went up
meaningfully.
Same product, completely different framing, significant lift on the metric that actually pays the bills.
Nafis said he was "somewhat dumbfounded" by the magnitude, but the lesson lines up with something he has seen across every game he has worked on at Zynga, Prodigy, and now Chess.com:
"People just want to feel good. Focus on the things that make people feel better about themselves. The world's a hard place and people have difficult lives, and when you come to play a game that's supposed to be enjoyable, focus on the things that are enjoyable."
If you are running any consumer-facing product, this is a test worth trying yourself. Look at every surface where you currently lead with user failure: error states, empty states, review flows, retry prompts, churn emails. Ask whether the default framing could be flipped to celebrate what the user got right instead. Then put the reframe in a test. You will probably be surprised.
Listen to the full episode
Chess.com's program isn't unique because of its size or tooling. It's unique because of two things: a user base whose skill range forces segment-level thinking on every test, and a team that refuses to stop at "the metric moved." That combination is what turns a test count into genuine understanding.
You can hear my full conversation with
Nafis Shaikh
, including why experimentation velocity is itself a productivity metric and the strange challenge of measuring whether users are actually listening to an audio coach, on this episode of
The Experimentation Edge
.
Listen to the full episode:
The Experimentation Edge with Nafis Shaikh, Chess.com
Experiments
AI
What I learned from Khan Academy about A/B testing AI
April 21, 2026
Topics
Experiments
AI
Release
Experiments
AI
Featured
true
Body
Every team building on top of LLMs faces the same fundamental question: how do you know if your AI feature is actually good? For some products, the answer is straightforward. For others, it requires inventing an entirely new way to measure quality. Khan Academy's journey to
A/B testing
their AI tutor, Khanmigo, is one of the best examples I've seen of a team solving this hard measurement problem and then using experimentation to dramatically accelerate how fast they improve their product.
Dr. Kelli Hill, Head of Data at Khan Academy, recently joined us for a
GrowthBook webinar
to walk through their three-year journey from vibes-based prompt testing to rigorous A/B testing of GenAI features in production. Here's what stood out.
Sometimes measuring AI impact is easy
Sometimes the impact of AI on a product is straightforward to measure. When Typeform introduced an AI-powered form builder, their Chief Product and Technology Officer Alex Bass told us on
The Experimentation Edge
that it doubled their activation rate, the percentage of users who go from signing up all the way through to publishing a form and collecting data. Out of roughly 50 experiments Typeform ran, nothing else came close to that kind of impact.
In cases like Typeform, the metrics are clear. A user either publishes a form or they don't. The signal is clear and happens quickly. And you can measure it with the same metrics you were already tracking.
What happens when the output is harder to evaluate
Khan Academy faced a fundamentally different challenge. Khanmigo is a generative AI-powered tutor that helps students work through math and other subjects. It's not a chatbot for entertainment. It's an educational tool used by students in classrooms. The bar is high: Khanmigo needs to be accurate, it needs to actually teach (not just give answers), and its tutoring quality needs to be measurable at scale.
That last part is the hard part. The same prompt can produce a dozen different responses. The underlying model changes regularly. A response that looks polished might actually reflect poor tutoring practice. And with nearly 200 million registered users and roughly a million daily active users on Khan Academy, they needed measurement that could operate at massive scale.
When Khanmigo first launched, the team had no way to rigorously evaluate quality. They started where everyone starts: reading outputs and making gut judgments. Kelli described their earliest eval work as "vibes-based prompt engineering" in Slack threads. It was useful for building intuition, but it didn't scale, it wasn't repeatable, and it couldn't tell them whether a change actually improved anything.
Turning something hard to measure into a real metric
The breakthrough was deciding to measure cognitive engagement, a construct from learning science research. Khan Academy adapted the ICAP framework (Interactive, Constructive, Active, Passive) published by Chi and Wylie in 2014. The original framework was designed for classrooms, so the team adapted it for AI tutoring interactions, focusing on questions like: who has the agency in help requests? How is the student processing Khanmigo's feedback? Who's driving the ownership of the learning?
Khan Academy adapted the ICAP framework, originally designed for classrooms, to score cognitive engagement in Khanmigo conversations.
The key insight was that cognitive engagement isn't just an abstract academic concept. Khan Academy's prior efficacy research had already demonstrated that students who are more cognitively engaged on the platform get more skills to proficient, and that increased proficiency on Khan Academy transfers to higher scores on third-party assessments. So if they could measure cognitive engagement in Khanmigo conversations, they'd have a metric that actually predicted real learning outcomes.
Building the metric was the hardest part.
Kelli was emphatic about this. The team defined a rubric, brought in subject matter experts, and had those experts hand-label student chat transcripts. They iterated on the rubric until they achieved 85% inter-rater agreement on a test dataset. Then they used the agreed-upon labels to create a ground truth dataset.
With ground truth in hand, they built an LLM-as-judge: an AI system that could automatically label transcripts using the same rubric. They fed the judge examples from the ground truth data, iterated on the prompt until the LLM judge's labels matched the human experts with high accuracy, and then scaled it. Today, they process about 20% of Khanmigo's chat data every night through this pipeline, feeding results into dashboards that the team monitors continuously.
Why this unlocked A/B testing for GenAI
Once Khan Academy had a reliable metric, they could finally do what they couldn't before: run controlled experiments on Khanmigo and measure whether changes actually improved tutoring quality.
Khan Academy uses
GrowthBook
for both
feature flags
and experimentation, self-hosted on top of their existing BigQuery data warehouse. They built additional infrastructure to randomize not just at the user level, but at the individual chat thread level, so each new Khanmigo conversation could be independently assigned to a treatment. This was critical because the unit of analysis for tutoring quality is a conversation, not a user.
The experiments they run aren't typical feature tests. They're testing different versions of a prompt, changes to system instructions, and even head-to-head model comparisons (Gemini vs. OpenAI models, for example). Kelli described it as "hill climbing": making very small, deliberate changes, sometimes just a single sentence in a prompt, and measuring whether cognitive engagement moves.
Their primary metrics are cognitive engagement and performance (are students getting more skills to proficient?). Their secondary and guardrail metrics include non-desirable behaviors (like giving the answer away), thread length, verbosity, and response latency. This layered approach ensures they're not accidentally improving one dimension while degrading another.
From speed bump to safety net
One of the most striking things Kelli shared was how the culture around experimentation shifted at Khan Academy. Before they had this infrastructure in place, experimentation was sometimes perceived as a speed bump, an extra hurdle before shipping. That's a common tension in product organizations.
But with GenAI, the calculus changed. LLM outputs are non-deterministic. A small prompt change can shift output dramatically. A response that looks better to a human reviewer might not reflect better tutoring. The AI tutor quality team at Khan Academy became the heaviest users of GrowthBook specifically because they realized that without A/B testing, they were relying on intuition in a domain where intuition consistently fails.
Kelli put it directly: experimentation went from being perceived as something that slows down shipping to being "a safety net" for understanding how changes actually perform across millions of users and prompts. The team now sees it as essential infrastructure, not overhead.
What this means for teams building on LLMs
Khan Academy's journey illustrates a pattern that applies broadly. If you're building AI features, your path to effective experimentation runs through measurement. Sometimes you'll have a Typeform situation where existing metrics already capture the impact. But often, especially when the AI's output is complex or subjective, you'll need to invest in building new evaluation frameworks first.
The process Khan Academy followed is replicable: define a rubric grounded in domain expertise, get humans to agree on labels, build a ground truth dataset, train an LLM-as-judge, validate it, and scale it. It's not fast. Kelli described a three-year evolution from vibes testing to production A/B testing. But once you have that metric in place, the standard toolkit of
A/B testing
becomes incredibly powerful for improving AI features.
If you want to hear the full story, you can watch the
webinar recording
or or read the Khan Academy
research paper
. And if you're looking for an experimentation platform that can handle GenAI testing at scale,
give GrowthBook a try
.
‍
Experiments
Featured
Designing A/B testing experiments for long-term growth
April 6, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Featured
Release
Experiments
Featured
Featured
true
Body
Ronny Kohavi — Stanford PhD, Ex-VP and Technical Fellow at Airbnb, formerly Microsoft and Amazon — is one of the top cited researchers in Computer Science and a leading voice in
experimentation
. He recently joined
Luke Sonnet
, Head of Experimentation at GrowthBook, for a webinar sharing best practices, mistakes to avoid, and surprising insights into how often experiments actually succeed. Watch
Designing Experiments for Long-Term Growth on demand
.
This article covers the key principles Ronny and Luke shared for designing experiments that drive long-term growth — from understanding the importance of experimentation, why you shouldn’t ship on flat results, the key metrics you should track, and how to create a shipping criteria framework. Whether you're just getting started with experimentation or looking to sharpen how your team makes decisions, these are the foundational concepts that separate programs that deliver real impact.
In science, randomized controlled experiments are the gold standard, sitting at the top of the hierarchy of evidence.
A/B tests
are the online equivalent and the most reliable tools teams have for determining whether a change actually has an effect — whether that's a new feature, a UI change, a pricing change, or a backend optimization.
The problem is that most teams haven't done the harder work first:
agreeing on what success actually looks like before the data comes in.
Without that foundation, even a well-run experiment produces a result nobody knows how to act on.
Stop guessing: embrace the high failure rate
Humans are systematically bad at predicting what will work and assessing the value of ideas. You cannot reliably judge which ideas are valuable before testing and will be wrong far more often than most teams expect. An effective experimentation program is critical for focusing effort toward what actually works.
Here is some surprising success rate data from across the industry:
Company
Experiment Success Rate
False Positive Risk — Probability that a statistically significant result is a false positive
Reference
Microsoft
33%
5.9%
Kohavi, Crook and Longbotham 2009
Avinash Kaushik
20%
11.1%
Kaushik 2006
Bing
15%
15%
Kohavi, Deng and Longbotham, et al. 2014
Booking.com
10%
22%
Manzi 2012, Thomke 2020, Moran 2007
Google Ads
10%
22%
Manzi 2012, Thomke 2020, Moran 2007
Netflix
10%
22%
Manzi 2012, Thomke 2020, Moran 2007
Airbnb Search
8%
26.4%
Kohavi
Microsoft's 33% success rate stands out, but this came at a cost. Significant upfront work went into scoping and refining ideas before they ever entered an experiment, which directly impacted that number.
The median organization sees roughly
10% of experiments move the metrics they were designed to improve.
Given this success rate, we can compute the False Positive Risk (FPR) — the probability that a statistically significant result is actually a false positive. At a 10% success rate with standard thresholds (𝛼=0.05, 80% power), that risk is around 22%, meaning roughly 1 in 5 'successful' experiments are actually false positives. Most teams assume p < 0.05 means they will rarely make mistakes, but the math shows otherwise.
The most impactful teams are the ones with the infrastructure to test fast and realign priorities based on evidence. A $120M improvement at Bing sat in the backlog for months because nobody thought it was worth testing. At Airbnb, the biggest win was a one-line code change. Neither of these could have been predicted. Both required running the experiment.
The importance of building
and aligning on
A/B testing key metrics
An experimentation program is only as good as the metrics it optimizes for. These metrics include:
Success or goal metrics:
Defines why an organization or product exists and what success looks like (stock price, revenue, market share, etc.) These are the real objectives, but are not easy to move or measure in the short term.
Driver metrics:
Short-term metrics that are the signals believed to predict movement in success metrics. These are what you actually measure to signal success.
Overall Evaluation Criterion (OEC):
The weighted combination the organization agrees to optimize for, typically composed of a few success and driver metrics. Defining a good OEC is one of the hardest and most important things an experimentation program does.
What goes wrong without a good OEC
Real-world scenarios from search engines (Bing, Google) and booking sites (Airbnb, VRBO) illustrate how badly things can go wrong with poor OECs, despite well-meaning intentions.
The search engine example
At Bing, naively using queries per user as the OEC would have led to very poor decisions. The example he gave was a ranking bug that returned terrible search results. This
increased
queries by 10%
due to users reformulating queries several times and
increased
ad
revenue by 30%
. The short-term metrics look great, but the product is broken.
More optimal metrics to track here would be to minimize queries per session (users should be able to find answers quickly) and maximize sessions per user (repeat usage indicates high value). Bing has a suite of metrics they actually track, including sessions per user, queries per user, time to success, revenue per user, and more. We'll cover a framework for identifying and aligning on good OECs later in the article.
A booking site example
Similarly, a booking platform such as Airbnb that ignores satisfaction signals like user rating and instead optimizes purely for conversion rate is optimizing for the wrong thing. If users book listings they end up hating, they don't return.
A better OEC would also include a measure of satisfaction, such as the user's star rating, so you can build machine learning models that predict whether this user will book a listing they love and rate five stars. Deciding on the trade-off between multiple metrics, such as revenue and user satisfaction, is a key business decision.
The flat result trap: the most expensive mistake in product
Getting your OECs right is important, but only if you're willing to act on what the data actually tells you. A flat result means an experiment didn't produce a statistically significant improvement in the OEC. Shipping flat means deploying that feature anyway. It was discussed that this is a decision error in nearly every case.
One example from Bing was a major effort with ~100 engineers to introduce a third pane to the search window. The experiments failed to show value, but it shipped to all users anyway because it was determined to be a strategic business move. A year later after countless additional experiments failed to show value, the 3
rd
pane was rolled back at significant costs to Bing.
Had Bing acted on what the data told them to begin with, they could have failed much faster, avoiding months of sunk cost and instead redirected their engineering resources toward something that actually moved the needle.
Debunked: common justifications for shipping flat
Ronny shared the four primary reasons he has seen teams use to rationalize the decision to ship flat and dives into the real implications of each.
Justification #1: it’s flat, we’re not hurting the users or business
A flat result doesn't mean no effect exists. All it tells you is “we didn’t find enough evidence of an effect.” The experiment could simply be underpowered. "Not statistically significantly worse" is not the same as safe to ship. The true effect could still be negative.
Justification #2: team morale depends on shipping:
Shipping a flat feature to protect morale means celebrating shipping rather than actually moving goal metrics, which can also complicate the codebase and require maintenance costs. The culture should be results-oriented and simply recognize that many ideas fail. Hold a learning review, share what was discovered, and move on. Failures that generate learning are worth celebrating.
Justification #3: it’s an enabler for future work:
You can cut through this justification with one question: if we ship this and deprecate the old version, would we ever roll it back? At Bing, the answer was yes. Every flat enabler that ships becomes code that must be maintained and a foundation you'll keep building on even when the follow-on value never arrives.
Justification #4: it’s strategic:
Strategic conviction is not a substitute for evidence, and as the data shows, even small changes are hard to predict correctly. Set a vision, but move toward it in small, testable steps. Test a meaningful component first, get data, then adjust.
A framework for making better experimentation decisions
With the importance of good metrics and understanding of what can go wrong without them clearly laid out, the conversation then shifts to a practical approach for building a decision framework that connects short-term measurements to long-term goals without overcomplicating the process.
Bridging short-term experimentation metrics to long-term goals
The messy reality is that most measurable short-term metrics don’t align 1:1 with business goals, so we must instead build frameworks to do so.
Start by identifying your long-term goals and what you can actually measure. From there, identify the short-term metrics that are the strongest indicators of those long-term goals. These are the signals that move in the right direction when the product or business is genuinely improving.
Once you've identified the right metrics, put guardrails in place. Guardrails are secondary metrics you monitor to ensure that improving your primary metric isn't coming at the expense of something else that matters, such as revenue, retention, or user satisfaction. They don't have to move, but they can't go backward.
A word of caution: overcomplicating things and tracking too many metrics can make it difficult to act. Before running an experiment, think critically about what you would do if your metrics told conflicting stories afterward. This exercise forces clarity around prioritization and how you make business decisions around tradeoffs. The goal is to identify the key signals you can build a decision framework around so you know exactly how you'll act on them.
A real-world shipping example: LLM chatbots
An example that highlights this concept is an AI chatbot company. They can't measure customer lifetime value in a two-week experiment. Instead, they’ll need to look at the short-term metrics that signal value, such as distinct sessions per user, topic breadth, short-term subscription conversion, and how often responses are copied externally. Build a framework connecting these to the long-term goal, validate against historical data, and you have an OEC you can actually experiment on.
But throwing all of these metrics into your results dashboard can complicate the picture. If some results are flat or vaguely negative, while others are statsig negative, and others are statsig positive, then how do you make a shipping decision?
Most metrics in a typical experiment cluster near zero. A single strong signal stands out.
This is exactly where clearly defined shipping criteria earns its value.
Shipping criteria: enabling independent shipping decisions at scale
Translate your metrics into explicit shipping criteria that are determined prior to an experiment launching. This is a decision framework that enables independent shipping decisions and eliminates bias from decision-making during the evaluation phase.
Some decisions are very straightforward, such as the example below. With the revenue change being equal, you would choose the latter with higher Daily Active Users.
When revenue is equal, the choice is clear: ship the variation with higher DAU. Defined criteria make this decision automatic.
However, a clearly defined framework for shipping criteria becomes increasingly necessary in situations where metrics conflict, such as in the example below, where DAU is higher in the first experiment, but revenue is higher in the second. In this situation, you need to understand the tradeoff between these metrics that you’re willing to accept when shipping.
This approach encodes your decision-makers' preferences into a repeatable framework so shipping decisions are consistent, defensible, and free from bias.
When DAU and revenue point in different directions, you need a pre-agreed framework to make the call.
Luke’s Twitter example
An example from Twitter highlights how this works in practice. Daily Active Users (DAU) was a key metric for Twitter, but they wanted to make sure that people were using the product repeatedly and over time to see that they're getting value out of it in a wide variety of applications. Some of the measured indicators included tweets created, likes, and other forms of engagement. They used the decision framework below to determine when to ship:
If DAU is up and stat sig →
ship
If DAU is negative →
rollback
If DAU is up, not stat sig and no guardrails are negative:
If engagement metrics are up (tweets created, likes, etc.) →
ship
Otherwise →
experiment review
Murky results →
rollback
This type of framework scales. It forces tradeoffs to be agreed on before you're under pressure from a live result.
A key note to remember is that your metric models will likely drift over time. This is something teams need to revisit regularly as their product and business evolves. The metrics that predicted success a few months ago may not be the right ones today.
Closing: shift the experimentation culture
Ronny and Luke close with a shared belief: the teams that win at experimentation aren’t always the ones with the most resources or sophisticated tools, but the ones that have built a culture around learning.
The most important piece of advice is to shift the organizational mindset from celebrating shipping to celebrating learning. Most ideas will fail. The teams that internalize this stop treating failed experiments as something to hide and start treating them as the mechanism by which they get smarter and faster over time.
That cultural shift is supported by the practical framework Luke outlined. When you have clearly defined metrics, explicit shipping criteria, and a shared understanding of your tradeoffs, experimentation becomes the foundation for confident, independent decision-making at scale.
Key takeaways
Most experiments fail. The median industry success rate is ~10%, meaning you will be wrong far more often than you expect. An effective experimentation program is how you find what actually works.
False positive risk is higher than most teams realize. At a 10% success rate, roughly 1 in 5 "winning" experiments are actually
false positives
, even when running at p < 0.05.
Your experimentation program is only as good as the metrics it optimizes for. Poorly defined OECs lead to decisions that look good on paper, but break the product.
Shipping flat is a decision error in nearly every case. "Not statistically significantly worse" is not the same as safe to ship. The true effect could be negative and the code will have maintenance costs.
Short-term metrics rarely align 1:1 with long-term business goals. Build an explicit framework connecting the two and put guardrails in place to protect what actually matters.
Define your shipping criteria before the experiment runs, not after. This eliminates bias, enables independent decision-making, and forces tradeoffs to be agreed on in advance.
Shift the culture from celebrating shipping to celebrating learning. The teams that win at experimentation are the ones that treat failed experiments as the mechanism by which they get smarter.
Want to go deeper?
Ronny teaches two online courses on Maven
Accelerating Innovation with A/B Testing
: Ronny’s flagship course and recommended starting point for most practitioners
Advanced Topics in A/B Testing
: A follow-on to
Accelerating Innovation with A/B Testing
for practitioners with a solid foundation in p-values, statistical power, and OEC design
‍
Experiments
AI
The Edge Podcast
How Fyxer ran 541 A/B tests and grew from 1m to 35m ARR in 1 year
April 4, 2026
Topics
Experiments
AI
The Edge Podcast
Release
Experiments
AI
The Edge Podcast
Featured
true
Body
How Fyxer used AI coding and GrowthBook to run 541 experiments in 1 year
Something remarkable is happening at
Fyxer
. The AI email assistant grew from $1M to $35M in annual recurring revenue last year. This year, they’re targeting $100M to $150M. Behind that trajectory is a company-wide culture of experimentation that produced 541
experiments
in twelve months, more than two per working day. The growth engineering team alone, just four people led by Kameron Tanseli, accounted for 360 of those.
The story of how they did it comes down to two things: the right mindset and an AI-first approach to experimentation. The mindset meant treating every product change as a hypothesis to validate, not a feature to ship. The AI-first approach meant using tools like
Cursor
,
Claude
, and
GrowthBook
to compress the entire experimentation loop, from research to development to analysis, so a small team could operate at a scale that would have been impossible even two years ago.
Kameron joined Fyxer when the company had $1M in ARR. He brought a discipline he’d honed across B2C healthtech, B2B SaaS, and now prosumer AI: measure everything, share everything, and learn as fast as possible. One of his first moves was creating a public Slack channel where every experiment result, win, and loss was visible to the entire company. The founders loved it. It became the company’s central nervous system for understanding what was working and what wasn’t.
Kameron recently joined
The Experimentation Edge podcast
to share the full story. Below are the key takeaways, but the real unlock came when they combined that learning culture with AI-powered development. That combination is what made 541 experiments possible across the company, and it’s what turned a high volume of losses into the wins that turbo-charged Fyxer’s trajectory.
The growth engineering mindset: why learning speed beats intuition
Here’s something Kameron will tell you openly: he’s bad at his job for the first few months every time he starts somewhere new. And it’s not just him. It’s everyone in growth.
When Kameron joined Fyxer, his instincts were calibrated to B2C healthtech, his previous role. He defaulted to discount-heavy messaging, pricing-focused copy, and the kind of urgency-driven language that works for consumer subscription boxes. At a B2B SaaS company selling an AI productivity tool to professionals, none of it landed. The only way to close that gap was to get experiments in front of real users and let the data teach him what his intuition couldn’t.
This is the core of the growth engineering mindset at Fyxer:
A/B testing isn’t just an optimization tool. It’s a learning tool.
And when you’re new to a product, a market, or a customer base, it’s the fastest way to develop the intuition you don’t have yet.
The numbers back this up. Fyxer’s win rate in GrowthBook is 25%. That means 75% of their experiment ideas failed. If they had shipped every idea to 100% of users without testing, the cumulative damage would have been severe. A 50/50 test, even with imperfect sample sizes, beats shipping blind every time.
Kameron pushes back hard on the common startup objection that “we’re not big enough to A/B test yet.” His view: you may not be able to detect 5% lifts, but you can detect 20% or 30% effects, and at a startup, those are exactly the kinds of changes you should be testing. Pricing models, usage limits, core product flows. The risk of getting those wrong without testing is far greater than the cost of running an imperfect experiment.
A key element of Fyxer’s approach is how they think about iteration. Rather than waiting for a fully polished feature, they ship the core experience and then immediately run experiments to improve adoption and engagement. As Kameron puts it, almost nobody uses your new feature on day one. The real work starts after launch, when you test messaging, onboarding flows, and nudges to find what actually drives usage. This iterative approach was central to their PLG breakthroughs later in the year.
Kameron uses a simple framework to evaluate which features could drive viral growth. First, he identifies the actions users are already repeating within the product. Then he asks: every time a user sends an email, schedules a meeting, or triggers a confirmation, is there a way to use that touchpoint to introduce Fyxer to someone new? When the answer is yes, the team builds and tests a loop around it.
Not every loop works. Fyxer has a scheduling feature, similar to Calendly, and Kameron hypothesized that sending booking confirmations could drive recipients back to Fyxer to sign up. In theory, it was a clean growth loop. In practice, users pushed back immediately. Fyxer’s entire value proposition is reducing inbox noise, and here they were adding another email on top of the Google Calendar and Outlook invites that people have already received. They killed the experiment and pivoted to a different approach. That willingness to test assumptions, even ones that look great on a whiteboard, is what separates a growth-minded team from one that ships on conviction alone.
Using AI to scale experimentation from weeks to hours
The mindset gets you to the right experiments. AI is what lets a team of four run them at startup speed.
Fyxer’s experimentation stack is built around a few key tools, with Claude as the central hub. The growth team shares
Claude's skills
across the team, so common workflows, like turning a GrowthBook experiment result into a Slack post or generating a hypothesis from a data analysis, are reusable and consistent. They’ve connected Claude to their internal systems through
MCP integrations
, including GrowthBook’s API, so experiment data flows directly into their AI workflows.
For development, they use Cursor across the full stack. But the real unlock has been Cursor’s desktop mode with virtual environments. Here’s why that matters: traditionally, even a simple experiment requires a developer to write the code, pull it down locally, run the app, and manually check that the new upsell panel or copy change looks right. With Cursor desktop, the tool runs the app in a virtual environment and shows Kameron a video of what the experiment will look like. He reviews it, signs off, and moves on, without ever pulling down the code himself.
This means he can run five or six experiments in parallel, as long as they’re relatively contained changes. For even simpler experiments, like backend configuration changes or one-line feature flag adjustments, they use Claude Opus, Codex, and Tembo to one-shot the implementation entirely.
The AI acceleration extends beyond development. On the data side, Fyxer uses
Dot
, an AI data analyst that connects to their BigQuery warehouse and lives in Slack. The data team documented their table schemas, columns, and relationships, and Dot uses that context to answer complex questions — segmentation analysis, survival curves, custom queries — from anyone on the team. Non-technical stakeholders can get answers in seconds without waiting for the data team, which unlocked a bottleneck that plagues almost every growing company.
The experimentation lifecycle itself is increasingly automated. Cursor automations fire when PRs are opened, daily jobs check for stale experiment code that should be cleaned up, and product release docs are generated automatically. When a key metric dips unexpectedly, the data team uses the
GrowthBook API
combined with Claude to cross-reference recent experiment launches and diagnose whether an experiment caused the problem.
The net effect: AI compresses the entire experimentation loop. Research that took days happens in hours. Development that took a week happens in an afternoon. Analysis that requires a data scientist can be done by anyone on the team through Slack. That’s how four engineers run 360 experiments in a year.
What 541 experiments actually produced
Volume without results is just busywork. Here’s what Fyxer’s experimentation program actually delivered:
Increasing free-to-paid conversion from 5% to 35% by adding a credit card gate before the free trial.
2.3x-ing the share of paying customers on annual plans, which now accounts for 50% of subscribers.
Increasing the trial start rate for personal email users by 65% by segmenting trial lengths based on signup type.
Creating a referral growth loop in which 33% of invites are accepted.
None of these were obvious in advance. The credit card gate, for example, contradicts conventional wisdom about reducing friction in signup flows. But Kameron noticed that many AI apps were already asking for credit cards upfront, and Fyxer’s users had high intent because they were connecting their email. They also made the paywall optional during the experiment, drawing design inspiration from Canva’s checkout flow by showing users a clear timeline: what happens today, in 5 days, and in 7 days. The result was essentially free revenue on existing traffic.
The annual plan shift followed a similar pattern. The original UI defaulted to monthly billing with a modest 8% annual discount. Kameron tested defaulting to the yearly plan, increasing the discount to 25%, and displaying the effective monthly price. It’s the kind of change that takes a few hours to implement and test, but has a massive compounding effect on retention and cash flow. E-commerce team Box
ran a comparable pricing-framing test
, surfacing a cheaper plan only in the cancellation flow—they call the resulting retention lift the “wine effect.”
That’s the compounding advantage of high-velocity experimentation: you find the counterintuitive wins that your competitors are leaving on the table because they’re still debating whether to test.
Where Fyxer’s growth team is headed next
Fyxer is scaling its growth engineering team from 6 to 13 this year, aiming to run 1,000 experiments. But the real multiplier isn’t headcount. It’s a continued investment in AI-powered developer performance: more reusable skills, more automated workflows, and tighter integration between their experimentation platform and their AI tooling.
Their revenue target of $100M to $150M ARR would represent another 3–4x leap. If the pattern holds, that growth won’t come from a single breakthrough. It will come from the compounding effect of hundreds of experiments, most of which will fail, but the ones that win will change the trajectory of the business.
Key takeaways for AI-powered experimentation
You don’t need to be big to experiment. You need to be disciplined about testing the highest-risk items.
A/B testing at a startup is primarily a learning tool. It’s how you build customer intuition fast, especially when you’re new to a market.
AI doesn’t just make development faster. It compresses the entire experimentation loop, from hypothesis to analysis, making high-velocity testing possible with a small team.
A 25% win rate is a feature, not a bug. It means you’re testing bold ideas and catching the failures before they ship to everyone.
The combination of the right mindset and an AI-first approach to tooling is a genuine competitive advantage, and one that’s accessible to any team willing to invest in both.
Want to hear the full conversation? Watch Kameron’s episode on
The Experimentation Edge podcast
, where he goes deeper on Fyxer’s growth loops, AI tooling stack, and advice for growth engineers starting at a new company.
Fyxer runs its entire experimentation program on
GrowthBook
, the open-source
feature flagging
and
A/B testing
platform. If your team is looking to scale experimentation without scaling headcount,
get started for free
or
request a demo
.
Experiments
Analytics
Data Science
Your experiment lift is an average — which users actually benefited?
April 1, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Analytics
Data Science
Release
Experiments
Analytics
Data Science
Featured
true
Body
The case for looking beyond the Average Treatment Effect
‍
One number, many stories
You moved the recommendations carousel higher on the product page. After two weeks, the experiment comes back: +1.6% on conversion rate. Stakeholders are happy. You ship. You celebrate. You move on.
That workflow is fine. The Average Treatment Effect (ATE) is the right first thing to look at. It's what
experiments in GrowthBook
are typically designed to estimate. If you're going to act on a single number, that's probably the one. But if you stop there, you are leaving money on the table.
What is the Average Treatment Effect (ATE)?
The ATE is the difference in average outcome between users in the treatment group and users in the control group. It's the standard summary statistic from a randomized experiment — and the right first number to look at. But it summarises across all individual responses in your experimental sample.
That 1.6% is an average. Your user base includes many different types of people: varying usage patterns, needs, and baseline behaviors. You already know this. You probably already segment users for marketing and personalization, or you wish you did. Yet when the experiment result comes back, all of that diversity collapses into a single number.
The question is: what is that single number hiding? In this post, we look at what the average treatment effect actually represents, why the same average can mask very different realities, and what that means for how you act on your results.
What the Average Treatment Effect (ATE) really means
The
average treatment effect
is exactly that — an average. Behind it sits a distribution of individual responses: some users who gained a lot, some who barely noticed, some who were actively put off by the change. It is a summary across your entire experiment sample, not necessarily the effect on any particular user. If your metric is binary — the user converts, or they don't — nobody converted 1.6% more times. Some users were pushed over the edge and converted when they otherwise wouldn't have. Others were unaffected. Some may have been put off by the change and thus did not convert. What you observe as +1.6% is the net result after all of these individual responses are averaged together.
You cannot observe any individual user's treatment effect — that's the
fundamental problem of causal inference
. You only ever see what actually happened to a user, never what would have happened without the treatment. But the underlying distribution of those individual effects is real. The average effect tells you where the center is, but it tells you nothing about the rest.
Why the same experiment result can hide very different realities
To see why this matters, consider three scenarios — all with the same average effect of +1.6%. The distributions below are conceptual illustrations of what might be hiding behind that average. But the question of which one you're in is very real.
Scenario (a): Nearly everyone benefits a little
Distribution of individual treatment effects showing nearly all users benefiting equally from a 1.6% average lift
Think of a pure copy change: rewording a headline on a product page. There's no structural change, no new functionality. The tweak lands roughly the same way for everyone (not all copy changes do, of course, but this one did). A small, diffuse lift. This is what most people implicitly picture when they hear "1.6% lift." It's also the easy case. When the effect is similar for most users, the average tells the whole story, and you can act on it with confidence.
Scenario (b): One subgroup drives the entire effect
Bimodal distribution of individual treatment effects, where one user subgroup drives the entire 1.6% average experiment result
Let's take the carousel for another spin. You moved it higher on the product page. Two types of users now have very different experiences. Browsers, the ones who enjoy discovering new products, engage with the carousel and convert more. Searchers, users who came for a specific item, now have to scroll past content they never asked for. Slightly annoying. The browsers see a meaningful positive effect. The searchers see zero or slightly negative. Most users barely notice. The +1.6% average is real, but it's driven by a single user type, and you are shipping the change to everyone.
Scenario (c): Winners and losers
Skewed treatment effect distribution showing 35% of users negatively affected despite a positive 1.6% average experiment result
You raised the free shipping threshold from $25 to $50. Users who were comfortable buying one or two small items with free shipping now face a delivery charge that feels offensive. Some abandon their carts. Some find the same items as a competitor. Meanwhile, users with larger baskets add a few extra items to clear the new threshold, pushing average order value up. The overall effect is positive, but a sizeable share of users are notably worse off.
The bottom line:
from the average effect alone, you cannot tell which of these scenarios you are in. The decision to ship looks the same in all three cases. The implications are very different.¹
Why experiment results vary across user segments — and why it matters
This isn't an academic exercise. The scenario you are in changes what you should do next.
Is the signal real?
An effect driven entirely by one segment is either a discovery or a warning sign. If the subgroup is large and the effect is real, you may have found something worth doubling down on. If the group is small and their effect is noisy, your positive result may not replicate.
Why, not just what?
Understanding
who
benefits also generates hypotheses about
why
the treatment works. That's how you build on experiment results rather than just collecting them. A team that knows the carousel helped browsers but irritated searchers can design a better version: show it on category pages, suppress it on search results. A team that only sees +1.6% moves on to the next test.
Will it last?
Your experiment ran at a specific point in time, on the users who happened to be active during that window. If the effect is similar for all your users, it is more likely to hold as your user base evolves. If it's concentrated in one segment, the result is only as durable as that segment's share of your traffic. If the lift came from a seasonal cohort of holiday shoppers, it may not survive into Q1. What will your user base look like next quarter, or next year? An effect that's similar across users and one that's concentrated in one particular segment ages very differently.
From average results to individual insights in experimentation
You don't have to use fancy machine-learning frameworks to start asking these questions. The simplest version is to look at your experiment results across dimensions you already have: geography, platform, user tenure, and purchase frequency. In GrowthBook, that's what
dimension splits
are for. From a different angle,
quantile treatment effects
let you compare different percentiles of the outcome distribution across variants — for example, did the free shipping change hurt users at the low end of spend while benefiting those at the top? And with
Experiment Dashboards
, you can make these breakdowns a default part of every experiment readout, so looking beyond the average becomes standard procedure.
For teams willing to go further, more advanced methods can produce effect estimates at the individual level — the closest you'll get to making those conceptual distributions real.
And once you know the effect varies by segment, you don't have to ship the same experience to everyone. Most experimentation platforms, GrowthBook included, let you
target features to specific user segments
. The experiment told you
who
benefits. Targeting lets you act on it.
Slicing data post-hoc does come with real
statistical risks
, but there are well-established ways to handle them. The next post in this series covers how to navigate these waters: how to slice your experiment data, what to watch out for, and how to tell a real finding from a lucky split.
In the meantime, explore
dimension splits
and think about what dimensions might be interesting in your experiments. And next time you're building a feature, think about how your different users might respond to it, and who might not like it at all.
As always, beware and have fun!
This is part of a series on treatment effect heterogeneity. The next post is about how to uncover the different ways users respond to the same treatment, without fooling yourself.
¹ This idea is developed more formally by Gelman, Hullman, and Kennedy (2024) as "causal quartets" — different data-generating processes that produce identical average effects.
The American Statistician
, 78(3), 267–272.
‍
Experiments
Guides
What is A/B testing? The complete guide for product and engineering teams
April 1, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Guides
Release
Experiments
Guides
Featured
false
Body
A/B testing is simple in concept. Split your users, show them different experiences, and measure what happens.
In practice, A/B testing for product teams is rarely that clean. Real products have real constraints in tracking, assignment, and metric definition, quickly making a straightforward test complicated.
While low-velocity teams can absorb slow, isolated mistakes, high-volume experimentation at scale requires mastering the fundamentals, as flaws compound leading to bad, high-confidence product decisions. Fortunately, these failure modes are well-understood and avoidable.
What is A/B testing
A/B testing
, sometimes called split testing, is a randomized experiment in which multiple versions of something are shown to different groups simultaneously. Each group is measured against a defined metric to determine which performs better.
By randomly assigning units to each version, you control for external factors like seasonality, changes in traffic mix, and broader market conditions, so any difference in outcomes can be attributed to your change and nothing else.
What does A/B testing look like in practice
In product development, an A/B test runs alongside your normal release process. Rather than shipping a change to everyone at once, you expose a subset of your users to the new experience while the rest continue seeing the existing one. Both groups run simultaneously, and you measure the difference.
Define a hypothesis including the metric you're testing against.
Randomly split your audience into groups, each exposed to a different version.
Analyze the difference between groups using a statistical framework.
Ship the winning variant, or go back to the drawing board with what you learned.
Without that structure, you're left comparing against historical data. Consider a team that ships a new feature and watches new signups drop 8% over the following two weeks. They blame the release and roll it back, but sales stay flat. It turns out it was a seasonal dip that would have happened regardless of what was shipped, and now the team has spent a week in firefighting mode reverting a change that had nothing to do with the decline.
Or consider a team deciding between two redesigns of the same checkout flow. Rather than debating which one to ship, they test both against the current experience simultaneously. One variant performs similarly to the control. The other increases completed purchases by 12%. Without the test, that call comes down to whoever argues most convincingly in the design review.
Why does A/B testing matter
For
product teams
, the value of A/B testing isn't just finding winning variants. It's making consequential decisions about how your product works based on what users actually do, rather than what your team thinks they'll do.
It's also one of the few tools that gives teams the ability to push back on the HiPPO (the highest paid person's opinion) with something more than a gut feeling of their own. When the data says otherwise, it says so for everyone in the room.
The critical difference: A/B testing vs gut/intuition
Without A/B testing, product decisions tend to default to a familiar set of inputs:
HiPPO (Highest Paid Person's Opinion)
. The person with the most seniority in the room has the most influence over what ships. Experience and instinct have value, but they're not a substitute for knowing what your users actually do
‍
Best practices that may not apply to your audience
. What worked for another product, in another market, with a different user base is a starting point at best. Your users are not their users.
‍
Assumptions about user behavior.
Intuition about how users will respond to a change is useful for generating hypotheses, but assumptions are often wrong.
‍
Competitor copying without context
. You can see what your competitors ship, but you can't see whether it worked or what they had to give up to get there.
With A/B testing, product decisions are grounded in more reliable inputs:
Actual user behavior from your specific audience
. Benchmarks and case studies tell you what worked somewhere else. This tells you what works for
your
users, in
your
product.
Statistically validated results
. Results you can trust, reproduce, and build on rather than ones you have to take on faith.
Measurable business impact
. You can tie the outcome of an experiment directly to the metrics the business cares about, whether that's retention, revenue, or engagement.
Continuous learning
. Every experiment, whether it wins or loses, tells you something about how your users behave.
What are the benefits of A/B testing in 2026
For modern product teams, the benefits of A/B testing go well beyond finding a winning variant. In 2026, with AI accelerating the pace of product development and raising the bar for what teams can ship, the cost of making bad product decisions has never been higher. Done consistently and rigorously, experimentation touches how teams make decisions, allocate resources, and understand their users.
1. Get more value from your existing traffic
Customer acquisition costs have climbed
as high as 60% since 2023
.
Paid channels are getting more expensive as competition for inventory increases and AI-driven bidding pushes auction prices up.
Organic search is delivering fewer clicks as LLMs answer queries before users leave the results page.
Social platforms are increasingly designed to keep users on-platform rather than send them to yours.
Getting more value out of the traffic you already have is increasingly a business necessity, and A/B testing is how you do it systematically.
2. Reduce the risk of rolling out major changes
Every product change carries risk. A change can perform worse than expected for a variety of reasons: a bug that only surfaces under certain conditions, user behavior that didn't match your assumptions, or a change that worked well for one segment while degrading the experience for another. Without feature experimentation, you find out about these issues after the fact, when it has already reached your entire user base.
By
feature flagging
and exposing a change to a subset of users first, you limit the damage if something goes wrong. A variant that damages an important metric affects 10% of your traffic, not 100%. If it performs well, you can roll it out knowing what to expect. If it doesn't, you can roll it back before most of your users ever see it.
3. Speed up product decision making
Product decisions are slow when they rely on opinion. Design reviews stretch into hours as stakeholders debate, and the person with the most seniority often wins, not because they're right, but because they're the loudest voice in the room.
Product experimentation changes how those conversations go. When you have data on how users actually behaved, the debate shifts from “I think" to "here's what we know." As one PM put it: "A/B testing turned our three-hour design debates into 30-minute data reviews."
That speed compounds over time. Teams that can make and validate product decisions faster than their competitors ship more, learn more, and course-correct before small mistakes become expensive ones.
4. Develop a deeper understanding of your users
Every experiment tells you something about your users, whether it wins or loses. A variant that underperforms is still evidence. It tells you what your users don't respond to, which is often just as useful as knowing what they do.
Over time, that body of evidence becomes more valuable than any single test result. Teams that maintain a searchable archive of past experiments (GrowthBook does this automatically) stop asking "Didn't we already test this?" and start forming better hypotheses from the outset. This process builds a richer understanding of their users and how they actually behave, leading to better prioritization as the most impactful initiatives become clearer.
5. Uncover surprising insights
Not every valuable idea looks valuable before it's tested. A Microsoft engineer once ran a quick A/B test on a low-priority change to how Bing displayed ad headlines (an idea that had sat untouched for over six months). The test showed a 12% increase in revenue, which translated to more than $100 million annually in the US alone. It turned out to be the
best revenue-generating idea in Bing's history
and it almost never got tested at all.
These insights only surface when you have an A/B testing framework that makes it easy to ship any product change as a controlled experiment.
6. Build a competitive advantage
The teams that consistently outperform their competitors aren't necessarily the ones with the best ideas. They're the ones who can validate ideas faster and learn from failures.
Netflix is a
well-documented example
. The company runs experiments across virtually every aspect of its product, optimizing everything from thumbnails to recommendation algorithms to ensure that data (rather than opinion) drives decisions. That commitment to experimentation at scale is part of what allows a company of that size to keep iterating as fast as it does.
The more consistently you test, the better your decisions get, and the harder it is for competitors to close that advantage.
Who should use A/B testing (and who shouldn’t)
Most teams can benefit from A/B testing in some form. But the teams that get the most out of it tend to share a few things in common: enough volume to reach statistically meaningful results, the technical infrastructure to instrument changes correctly, and decisions that are frequent enough to make a testing practice worthwhile.
Product teams
Product teams
should run experiments to make confident decisions about what to build and how to build it. Does this feature change improve engagement? Does this new experience keep users on the platform longer? Experimentation answers those questions before a change is fully committed. Smaller tests can also validate hypotheses early, before significant product development investment is made, informing broader product strategy along the way. It also gives product teams a clearer read on the actual impact of their work, which is often harder to measure than it looks.
Engineering teams
Engineering and dev teams
should run experiments to ship changes with confidence and get direct visibility into the impact of their work on product outcomes, not just system performance. Does this algorithm change actually improve the metric it was designed to improve? Does this infrastructure change affect user behavior in ways that weren't anticipated? Rather than shipping to everyone at once, changes can be rolled out to a subset of users first, catching unexpected behavior before it reaches your entire user base.
Growth and marketing teams
Growth and marketing teams
should run experiments to validate what actually resonates with their audience before committing to a direction. Does this landing page copy increase signups? Does this email subject line improve open rates? The feedback loops are short, and the metrics are clear, making experimentation a natural fit for fast iteration.
Design teams
Design teams should run experiments to resolve design debates with data (rather than opinion alone) and validate changes before they're fully built. Does this layout change make the key action more obvious? Does this navigation pattern reduce friction or just introduce unfamiliarity? A/B testing gives design teams a way to move forward on contested decisions without waiting for consensus.
When NOT to use A/B testing
A/B testing isn't the right tool in every situation. There are a few conditions where it will either produce unreliable results or simply isn't worth the investment.
Product is too early stage
. If you're still searching for product-market fit, optimizing individual features is a distraction. The priority at that stage is to learn whether the core product solves a real problem, which requires qualitative research and iteration, not controlled experiments.
Not enough units
. A/B testing requires enough users moving through the experience you're testing to produce statistically meaningful results within a reasonable timeframe. If your sample size is too small, you'll either run tests for months or make decisions based on underpowered results that don't hold up.
Decisions with an obvious right answer.
Some changes don't need a test. Accessibility improvements, critical bug fixes, and security patches should be shipped because they're the right thing to do for your users, not because an experiment validated them. Testing these changes introduces unnecessary delay and in some cases raises ethical questions about deliberately exposing a subset of users to an inferior or broken experience. However, it can still be valuable to run non-inferiority tests to ensure changes don’t introduce new issues that affect the customer experience.
No internal alignment
. A/B testing only produces value if the results get acted on. If your team can't agree on what success looks like before the experiment starts, or if stakeholders routinely override data-driven conclusions with opinion, the infrastructure of experimentation exists without the culture to support it. The tool is only as useful as the organization's willingness to trust and act on what it finds. Getting alignment on the OEC, Overall Evaluation Criteria, is usually a critical first step. If your teams can’t agree on a north star metric, then it's very difficult to grow the business effectively.
Significant brand changes
. A/B testing works well for changes with measurable behavioral outcomes, but brand identity isn't that kind of decision. Testing radically different brand expressions simultaneously means that different users see different versions of who you are, creating inconsistency that's difficult to undo. For changes to core brand messaging, tone, or visual identity, market research and qualitative methods are better inputs than a randomized experiment.
Regulated industries with constraints on user treatment
. In some industries, randomly assigning users to different experiences raises legal or ethical issues.
Healthcare
,
financial services
and
edtech
are all industries where A/B testing requires additional thought. For example, you don’t want half the students in a class to have one learning experience and the other half having another. This could be very hard on the teacher and students. Data privacy is also extremely important in these industries. This doesn’t mean these industries can’t run A/B testing. It just means they need to be more thoughtful about their experiment design. (GrowthBook's self-hosting and privacy-first architecture is specifically designed for teams operating in regulated environments), but they do mean the standard experimentation framework needs to be adapted before it can be applied safely.
What can you A/B test?
Most teams start experimenting with the most visible parts of their product and stop there. The reality is that if a change can be measured and randomly assigned, it can be tested. That applies as much to a ranking algorithm or a model prompt as it does to a button label or a checkout flow, and the most sophisticated experimentation programs treat almost every product change as a candidate for a controlled experiment.
User-facing product experiences
Changes to what users see and interact with directly are often the easiest to instrument, the most straightforward to design a clean experiment around, and the most immediately connected to the metrics product teams care about.
Copy and messaging
The words you use to describe your product, explain a feature, or prompt an action affect how users respond in ways that are hard to predict without testing. This includes headlines, body copy, error messages, empty states, and tooltips. Copy that works well in one context often fails in another, which makes experimentation more reliable than intuition.
Visual design elements
Colors, typography, imagery, iconography, and visual hierarchy all affect how users perceive and engage with a product. These elements are worth testing on high-traffic acquisition surfaces where visual choices directly affect first impressions and conversion.
Social proof and rust signals
The placement, format, and type of social proof affects how users evaluate whether to take action. Testimonials, review counts, trust badges, and case study callouts are all worth testing at high-stakes moments in the user journey, like pricing pages or checkout flows, where trust is a meaningful factor in the decision.
Calls to action
Button text, placement, size, and visual weight all affect whether users take the action you want. The difference between "Start free trial" and "Get started" may seem trivial, but it can produce measurable differences in click-through and conversion rates.
Forms and data collection
The number of fields, their order, their labels, and how validation errors are presented all affect completion rates. For teams with signup flows, checkout processes, or any other form-gated experience, this is a productive area for experimentation.
Layout and navigation
How you organize and present information affects how users move through a product and what they do next. Single versus multi-column layouts, card versus list views, menu structure, and the placement of key actions relative to supporting content are structural decisions that are harder to get right through intuition alone.
Onboarding flows
What happens in a user's first few sessions shapes everything that comes after. Changes to the number of steps, the order of actions, or the point at which users are asked to commit to something can have measurable downstream effects on activation and retention metrics.
Pricing and packaging display
How you present pricing affects conversion without changing the underlying price. Tier ordering, anchoring, and the framing of free versus paid features are all worth testing for any team with a monetization surface, though the effects can take time to manifest.
Backend and infrastructure
The most impactful experiments a product team can run are often invisible to users. A change to a ranking algorithm or a model prompt can affect user behavior just as much as a redesigned interface, and without a controlled experiment, the effect is nearly impossible to isolate.
Infrastructure and performance
Performance improvements are generally good for users, but testing them as controlled experiments lets you quantify exactly how much they matter for the metrics you care about. Knowing which specific infrastructure investments moved conversion by 3% and which didn't gives teams a more reliable basis for deciding where to invest next.
Default settings and configurations
Most users never change defaults, which means the state you ship with has an outsized effect on how a feature gets used. Testing different default configurations is low-cost to implement and can meaningfully affect adoption and engagement.
Notification timing and content
Both the notification you send and what it says affect whether users engage with it. Testing send timing, message length, and the specific action you're prompting can improve open rates and click-through without increasing notification volume.
Product features and functionality
Beyond how a feature looks, you can test how it behaves. The results often reveal that users interact with the functionality in ways that don't align with the original design assumptions, which is useful information regardless of which variant wins.
Search and discovery
Search ranking, autocomplete behavior, and filtering defaults all affect whether users find what they're looking for. Search is often a high-intent surface where small improvements in relevance or presentation directly affect conversion or engagement.
Algorithms and ranking
Ranking and recommendation algorithms affect every user simultaneously, which makes them worth testing carefully. Small changes to the underlying logic can produce meaningful differences in engagement and retention that aren't visible until you measure them.
AI and ML models
AI and ML models
are particularly
hard to evaluate without controlled experiments
. A model that
scores better on benchmarks
doesn't always perform better in production, which makes
A/B testing AI
the only way to know for sure. Performance, quality and speed are all important to test. Slight changes in system prompts also require in-depth testing.
Growth and acquisition surfaces
Growth and acquisition surfaces are where most teams first encounter A/B testing, and for good reason. The metrics are clear, the feedback loops are short, and the tests are relatively cheap to run compared to changes deeper in the product.
Email campaigns
Subject lines, send timing, message length, preview text, and calls to action all affect whether users open, click, and convert. Email is one of the more forgiving surfaces for experimentation because tests are cheap to run and results come in quickly, making it a good starting point before moving into more complex product surfaces.
Paid ads
Ad creative, copy, targeting parameters, and landing page destinations all affect cost per acquisition and return on ad spend. Testing these systematically rather than relying on platform optimization alone gives teams more control over what's actually driving performance and makes it easier to apply what you learn across campaigns.
Landing pages
Landing pages connect acquisition and product, which makes them worth testing carefully. Headline copy, hero imagery, social proof placement, form length, and page structure all affect conversion, and improvements here affect the efficiency of every upstream acquisition channel.
Mobile app stores (ASO)
App store listings are a testable surface that many teams overlook. Screenshots, preview videos, descriptions, and icon design all affect install rates, and both the App Store and Google Play offer native tools for running controlled tests on these elements.
Internal tools and systems
Most teams think of A/B testing as something you do on user-facing surfaces. Internal tooling is worth the same rigor. The workflows your team uses, the interfaces they navigate, and the systems that handle billing and support all affect business outcomes in measurable, improvable ways.
Billing systems
When and how you charge users affects conversion, retention, and revenue in ways that aren't always intuitive. Credit charging timing, trial length, grace periods, and dunning flows are all worth testing, and the effects can be substantial even when the changes seem minor.
Customer success
The interfaces and workflows your support team uses directly affect both resolution times and the experience customers receive on the other end. Testing different queue structures, response templates, or escalation flows can surface improvements that are invisible from the outside but meaningful to the people doing the work and the customers they're helping.
Dashboard and reporting Iinterfaces
How data is presented to internal users affects the decisions they make. Testing different visualizations, metric groupings, or alert thresholds can improve how quickly teams identify issues and act on them.
Internal search and navigation
How employees find information and move through internal tools affects productivity in ways that are easy to underestimate. Testing search ranking, navigation structure, and information hierarchy in internal tools follows the same principles as product experimentation, just with a different user base.
Workflow and prrocess design
Internal processes are testable too. Whether it's the order of steps in an approval flow, the default assignee for a task, or the trigger conditions for an automated action, small changes to how work moves through a system can have measurable effects on speed and accuracy.
Different types of A/B tests
Not all experiments are structured the same way. The standard A/B test is the right tool for most situations, but there are
different types of A/B tests
for different situations.
A/A test
An
A/A test
runs two identical variants against each other. The purpose isn't to find a winner but to confirm your experimentation infrastructure is working correctly. You should test a number of metrics to confirm data is flowing correctly, that you're seeing an equal number of users assigned to each test. You should expect 1 out of 20 tests to show a statistically significant result with a 95%
confidence interval
.
A/B/n test
An A/B/n test extends the standard A/B test to include multiple variants tested simultaneously against a single control. You evaluate several hypotheses in one experiment rather than running them sequentially. Each additional variant requires more units to reach significance, so population requirements scale with the number of variants. If you have enough traffic, multiple variant tests are a great way to accelerate learning.
Multivariate test
A multivariate test changes multiple elements simultaneously and tests combinations of them. If you're testing two headlines and two button colors, a multivariate test runs all four combinations to understand not just which elements perform better individually, but how they interact. The tradeoff is that you need considerably more traffic than a standard A/B test, because the population is split across every combination.
Holdouts
A
holdout test
withholds a feature from a group of users after it has been fully rolled out to everyone else. The holdout group continues to see the old experience, which lets you measure the long-term effect on retention and engagement that takes time to manifest. A new onboarding flow might look neutral in a two-week test but show meaningful differences in retention at 90 days. Holdouts are also useful for measuring the cumulative effect of many experiments running simultaneously. By comparing the holdout group to the fully treated population over 3–6 months, you can measure the combined effect of all your experiments. Learn more about
what a holdout actually measures
.
Statistical approaches to A/B testing
Most modern experimentation platforms, like GrowthBook, give you a choice between Bayesian and frequentist statistics. Both are good options but understanding the differences can help you decide which approach is best for you.
Bayesian statistics
Bayesian statistics
handles hypothesis testing by expressing results as probabilities. Instead of a binary significant/not-significant decision, you get a probability distribution: what's the chance variant B is better than variant A, and by how much? This makes results easier to interpret and communicate to non-technical stakeholders. Bayesian methods can also incorporate prior beliefs about the metric being tested, helping avoid over-interpreting results from small samples.
Benefits of Bayesian statistics
Results are expressed as probabilities that are intuitive to act on, like, "There's a 92% chance variant B is best.”
The probability distribution shows the full range of likely outcomes, not just a point estimate.
Probabilities are well-suited for communicating results to non-technical stakeholders.
Using informed priors can help reduce uncertainty in smaller samples.
Drawbacks of Bayesian statistics
Poorly calibrated priors can skew results, particularly with small sample sizes.
Not immune to peeking; stopping rules should be defined upfront and followed.
Frequentist statistics
Frequentist statistics
is the more traditional approach to hypothesis testing. It calculates the probability of observing your results if there were no real difference between variants. That probability is the p-value, which is compared against a predetermined significance threshold, typically 0.05.
Benefits of frequentist statistics
Widely understood, with transparent math and familiar outputs.
Results are easy to audit or present in contexts where frequentist methods are the established standard.
Sequential testing can be used for continuous monitoring without inflating
false positive rates
.
A good fit when your team is more comfortable with p-values and confidence intervals.
Drawbacks of frequentist statistics
The binary nature of significance decisions can lead to misinterpretation. Teams also frequently misread “not significant" as "no effect" rather than "insufficient evidence to detect an effect."
Without sequential testing enabled, results are only valid if you don't peek before reaching a pre-determined sample size.
Concepts shared by both bayesian and Frequentist statistics
Despite their differences, Bayesian and frequentist statistics share many common concepts:
CUPED Compatible:
CUPED
uses pre-experiment data to reduce noise in metric estimates, allowing you to detect an effect faster with the same sample size.
Random Assignments
: Random assignment is what makes an experiment causal. Violations (users assigned to multiple variants, or assignment correlated with the metric) can invalidate results regardless of which framework you use.
Statistical Significance and Confidence Level:
Both approaches use a threshold to determine when a result is reliable enough to act on. In frequentist statistics this is the significance level, while in Bayesian statistics it's expressed as a probability threshold. In both cases, set the threshold before the experiment starts.
Statistical Power and Sample Size:
Power is the probability of detecting a real effect when one exists. Most teams aim for 80% as a minimum. Before starting an experiment, both approaches require a
power analysis
to determine the sample size you need to detect the effect you're looking for. Without one, you risk either stopping too early and acting on noise, or running longer than necessary. While not as prevalent in Bayesian statistics, if you have a stopping criteria, then computing your power to detect that stopping criteria is still valuable.
Peeking
and False Positive Risk
: Both approaches are susceptible to inflated false positive rates if you stop early based on favorable results. (GrowthBook's frequentist stats engine enables
sequential testing
to safely allow early stopping.)
Which statistical approach should you use?
Use Bayesian
when you want probability-based results or have well-established priors that can reduce uncertainty in smaller samples.
Use Frequentist
when results need to meet an established statistical standard, or when you want to enable sequential testing.
Step-by-step A/B testing process
How you plan and run a test determines whether the results can actually be trusted. Here’s the step-by-step process from developing a hypothesis all the way through to implementing a winning variant.
Step 1: research and identify opportunities
Good experiments start with a clear understanding of where the opportunity is. For product development teams, that usually means looking at where users drop off, where engagement is lower than expected, or where there's a meaningful gap between how a feature was designed to be used and how it's actually used.
Start with quantitative data like funnel drop-off rates, feature adoption rates to identify potential opportunities, then use qualitative data like user interviews, support tickets, and session recordings to better understand the situation.
How to prioritize experiments
Not every problem is worth testing. The best starting point is your team's current roadmap and goals. If you're focused on improving activation this quarter, test things that affect activation. Experiments that don't connect to what your team is actively solving are a distraction, however interesting the hypothesis.
Before committing, use an
objective scoring system
or prioritization framework like ICE to evaluate each opportunity:
Impact
: How much could this improve the metrics your team cares about?
Confidence
: How sure are you it will work, based on the data and research you have?
Ease
: How much engineering effort does it require to implement and instrument?
Step 2: form a strong hypothesis
A good hypothesis forces you to be specific about what you're changing, why you expect it to work, and how you'll know if it did.
A weak hypothesis sounds like: "Let's try a shorter onboarding flow."
A strong one sounds like: "Reducing the onboarding flow from five steps to three will increase 7-day activation because users are dropping off at step three."
Here are a few more examples for weak and strong hypotheses.
Weak Hypothesis
Strong Hypothesis
The recommendation widget will increase sales.
Adding a personalized recommendation widget below the product description will increase average order value because users who see relevant product suggestions will add more items to their cart before checkout.
We will surface errors more clearly.
Replacing generic error messages with specific guidance on how to fix the issue will increase form completion rates, because users currently abandon forms at the error state without understanding what went wrong.
We think the pricing page is confusing.
Replacing the feature comparison table with a use-case based pricing guide will increase trial conversion, because users in exit surveys say they can't determine which plan is right for them.
Dark mode would probably improve engagement.
Adding a dark mode option to the dashboard will increase daily active usage among power users because power users spend more than 4 hours per day in the product and have requested this feature in support tickets.
Use this structure as a starting point for writing your own hypotheses:
[Specific change] will cause [measurable effect] because [reasoning based on research].
Step 3: design your experiment
Most of the work in running a good experiment happens
before
you launch. The decisions you make at the
experimental design
stage will determine how useful your experiment is.
Define your measurement criteria
Before you build anything, be clear on what you're measuring and why. Your primary metric should flow directly from your hypothesis. It's the specific effect you expect to see. If your hypothesis is that reducing onboarding steps will improve 7-day activation, then 7-day activation is your primary metric.
Primary Metric
: The single metric that determines whether the variant wins or loses, defined before the test starts and tied directly to your hypothesis.
Secondary Metrics
: Metrics that you’re not specifically trying to improve but may help you further understand your experiment's impact including related metrics and lagging indicators.
Guardrail Metrics
: Metrics that you’re specifically
not
trying to hurt.
Here’s what each metric might be for our onboarding experiment example.
Hypothesis
Reducing the onboarding flow from five steps to three will increase 7-day activation rate by 15%, because users are dropping off at step three.
Primary Metric
7-day activation
Secondary Metrics
30-day retention rate
Time to complete onboarding flow
Number of core features activated within 7 days
Guardrail Metrics
Invited users (The number of referrals should at least stay the same compared with the control)
Support tickets related to onboarding confusion
Error rate on onboarding steps
Calculate your required sample size
The best way to ensure good decision making with experiments is to know how much data you need up front. Running an experiment without a
sample size calculation
is one way to end up not knowing if you can trust your results or when to end an experiment. Most modern experimentation platforms include a power calculator. You'll need four inputs:
Baseline Metric Value
: Your current metric value, from your recent historical data. For conversion rates, this is a percentage; for continuous metrics like revenue or session duration, it's an average. In GrowthBook,
we can compute this for you on historical data
filtered down to your likely experiment population.
Minimum Meaningful Effect
: The smallest improvement worth shipping for; in other words, you don’t care to detect a smaller effect, because it wouldn’t be worth the extra sample size to ship.
Confidence Level
: Typically 95%
Statistical Power
: Typically 80%, meaning a 20% chance of missing a real effect.
The calculator will tell you how many units you need per variant. Divide by your average daily volume of that unit to get your required duration. That might be daily active users, daily email sends, or accounts, depending on what you're randomizing on. Make sure you're calculating based only on the population that meets your targeting criteria, not your total user base.
Many tests should run for at least two full business cycles, typically two weeks minimum, to account for day-of-week behavior patterns even if you reach your sample size sooner.
Designing for trustworthy results
Experiment implementation is a crucial part of running a clean causal experiment and learning what you actually set out to learn.
Test one feature at a time so results can be attributed to a specific cause.
Ensure random, equal traffic distribution between variants.
Keep everything else identical between versions.
Think upfront about which user segments might respond differently to the change and whether they should be tested separately.
Account for novelty effect. Users sometimes behave differently simply because something is new, which can cause early results to look better than they are.
Document the experiment in your log before launch, including hypothesis, metrics, targeting criteria, implementation details, and expected end date.
Step 4: set up your experiment and falidate the implementation
Before you launch your experiment, validate that your experiment is configured correctly. Problems caught here are easy to fix. Problems caught after two weeks of bad data are not.
Confirm the events you need are firing correctly and consistently across platforms and devices.
Run an
A/A test
if you're setting up a new experimentation platform or making changes to your assignment logic.
Check that both variants are free from bugs and function as expected.
Step 5: launch and monitor
Once your experiment is live, your job is mostly to leave it alone. The temptation to
check results early
is real, especially when there's pressure to ship, but acting on interim results is one of the most common ways teams produce conclusions they can't trust.
Monitor only for:
Technical Errors or Bugs
: If something is broken, stop the test and fix it.
Guardrail Metric Violations
: If an important metric is getting meaningfully worse, it may be worth stopping early regardless of significance.
Sample Ratio Mismatch
: An uneven traffic split is a signal that something is wrong with your assignment logic.
Everything else can wait until the test reaches its required sample size. If you need the flexibility to act on results before that point, enable sequential testing.
Step 6: analyze results properly
When your experiment reaches its required sample size, resist the urge to declare a winner immediately. Good analysis goes beyond the binary question of whether the variant beats the control.
Some metrics require additional waiting time even after the experiment ends. For example, if you're measuring 7-day activation, you need to wait seven days after the last user was exposed before you can analyze that metric. Build this into your timeline upfront.
When it’s time to analyze the results:
Confirm the experiment ran as designed and reached the sample size needed to power it properly.
Check the confidence level against your predetermined threshold. A result that doesn't reach 95% confidence isn't automatically worthless. If a variant shows a 70% chance of being best with no meaningful guardrail violations and low implementation cost, many teams will ship it.
Verify there was no
sample ratio mismatch
that could invalidate the results.
Check secondary and guardrail metrics to confirm the variant didn't improve the primary metric while quietly harming something else.
Analyze results by key segments to check whether the overall result is hiding meaningful differences between groups.
Look at practical significance along with statistical significance. Statistical significance on its own doesn't tell you if this was a big win or a small win; you can learn a lot about what worked or didn't by looking at the lift directly, and considering how it compares to the cost of building and maintaining this feature.
Document regardless of outcome. Losses are often where the most learning happens. Take the time to try to learn why your users behaved in a way you didn't expect.
Step 7: implement and iterate
Every experiment produces an outcome worth acting on, even when your hypothesis is proven wrong.
If your new variant wins, fully implement it
and monitor post-launch performance. Use what you learned to sharpen the next hypothesis, a winning experiment often reveals opportunities for further improvement.
If your new variant loses, roll back to your control
. A losing experiment is still valuable. Analyze why your hypothesis was wrong, what the data suggests about user behavior, and whether a different approach is worth testing. Document the result so the same test doesn't get run again six months later by a different team.
If the result is inconclusive, iterate a few times with a learning mindset.
An inconclusive result usually means one of three things: the sample size wasn't large enough, the effect is smaller than your minimum detectable effect, or there genuinely isn't a meaningful difference between the variants.
Advanced A/B testing strategies
Once the fundamentals are in place, these advanced techniques can create additional value as your program matures and the questions you're trying to answer get harder.
CUPED
CUPED (Controlled-experiment using pre-experiment data)
is a variance reduction technique that uses pre-experiment metric data to improve the accuracy of your results. By accounting for pre-existing differences between users before the experiment starts, it reduces the noise in your estimates, meaning you can detect smaller effects with the same traffic, or
reach the same level of confidence faster
.
GrowthBook's implementation extends CUPED with post-stratification, which uses user attributes like country or plan tier to further reduce variance by isolating the
treatment effect
from natural differences between groups. The more correlated your pre-experiment data and attributes are with the metric you're measuring, the more variance reduction you'll see.
The main requirement is that you have pre-experiment data for the metric you're testing. It works best for metrics that are frequently observed (engagement rates, session counts, revenue) and is less effective for new users or rare events where there's little pre-experiment history to draw on.
Example
: Netflix reported CUPED
reduced variance by roughly 40%
for some key engagement metrics. Microsoft reported it was equivalent to adding
20% more traffic
for a majority of metrics on one product team.
Quantile testing
Most A/B tests compare means across variants, which works well when the effect is evenly distributed across users.
Quantile testing
compares percentiles instead, making it the right tool when you care about what's happening at the extremes. A change that improves average page load time by 50ms might look neutral on a mean test while actually fixing a severe performance problem affecting your slowest 1% of users.
The main consideration is sample size. Extreme quantiles (P99, P99.9) require large samples to produce reliable estimates. It also works best when you have a clear hypothesis about which part of the distribution you're trying to move.
Example
: An engineering team testing a backend optimization uses a P99 latency metric to confirm the change reduced worst-case load times by 7ms, even though the mean improvement was too small to detect.
Multi-armed bandits
A
multi-armed bandit
is an adaptive experiment that shifts traffic toward better-performing variants as data comes in, rather than maintaining a fixed split throughout. Unlike a standard A/B test, which waits until the end to declare a winner, a bandit continuously reallocates traffic based on which variant is performing best on a single decision metric. GrowthBook uses Thompson sampling, a Bayesian algorithm that balances exploration (testing all variants) with exploitation (sending more traffic to the best performer).
Bandits work best when you have a clear single metric to optimize, five or more variants to test, and care more about minimizing exposure to poor-performing variants than understanding why each one performed the way it did. They're less suited to situations with long feedback loops, multiple goal metrics, or where statistical rigor matters more than speed.
Example
: An ecommerce team testing five different product page layouts uses a bandit to automatically shift traffic toward the best-performing variant. This allows them to quickly capitalize on a winner during time-sensitive, days-long promotions like a Black Friday sale, while also reducing the number of users exposed to lower-converting layouts.
Cluster experiments
Most experiments randomize at the user level, but some products require randomization at a coarser level of granularity. In B2B software, for example, you might need everyone at a company to see the same experience. Showing different variants to different users within the same organization would create confusion and contaminate results.
Cluster experiments
solve this by randomizing at the group level (the organization, the school, the household) while still analyzing outcomes at the individual level.
The main challenge is that cluster-level randomization reduces your effective sample size. You're randomizing across a smaller number of clusters than individual users, which means you need more clusters to reach significance. GrowthBook supports cluster experiments natively, handling the statistical complexity of analyzing at a different level than you randomize through its statistics engine.
Example
: A B2B SaaS team testing a new dashboard layout randomizes at the organization level so every user within a company sees the same variant, then analyzes individual user engagement to measure impact.
Full-funnel testing
Most experiments measure a single metric at a single point in the user journey. Full-funnel testing measures the effect of a change across multiple stages, from initial conversion through to retention, revenue, and long-term engagement. This matters because a change that looks positive at the top of the funnel can have neutral or negative downstream effects that a single-metric test would miss entirely.
The main requirement is having metrics instrumented across the full user journey and enough traffic to detect meaningful differences at each stage. It also requires patience — downstream metrics like 30-day retention take time to manifest, which means full-funnel tests run longer than standard conversion tests.
Example
: A team testing 7-day versus 14-day free trial lengths measures not just trial starts but 30-day conversion to paid, finding that the longer trial increased signups but reduced urgency to convert, producing a net negative revenue impact.
Long-term holdouts
Individual experiments measure the impact of a single change.
Long-term holdouts
measure the
cumulative impact
of all your changes over time. A small group of users is withheld from new features and experiments for an extended period, typically a quarter, while the rest of the product moves forward. Comparing the holdout group to the general population reveals the true long-term value of everything you shipped, including any unexpected interactions between features that individual tests couldn't detect.
The main tradeoff is that a small percentage of users (typically around 5%) experience a degraded product for the duration.
Example
: A product team runs a quarterly holdout and discovers that the cumulative lift from five experiments, each with a 1% lift, is only 3% relative to the holdout group because of diminishing returns.
Incorporating research
A/B tests tell you what happened, but they can’t tell you
why
. Combining quantitative experiment results with supplemental research (user interviews, session recordings, surveys, usability testing) gives you both. A variant that wins on conversion but generates support tickets is a signal worth investigating. A variant that loses might reveal through user interviews that the hypothesis was right but the execution was wrong.
Supplemental research is most valuable at two points: before an experiment, to sharpen the hypothesis, and after an inconclusive or surprising result, to understand what the data couldn't tell you and you help generate your next hypothesis.
Example:
A team runs an experiment on a new onboarding flow that produces an inconclusive result. User interviews reveal that users understood the new flow better but felt uncertain about committing without seeing the product first, leading to a new hypothesis worth testing.
Common A/B testing mistakes (and how to avoid them)
Every
experimentation program can make mistakes
. Learning to recognize common experimentation pitfalls
is the first step to not repeating them.
1. Running experiments without big enough samples
An underpowered experiment is one that doesn't have enough units to reliably detect the effect you're looking for. It happens when teams skip the power analysis and launch tests without knowing whether their population size or expected traffic is sufficient. Without enough data, you'll either get an inconclusive result or one that looks real but isn't stable enough to act on.
Example
: Running tests on pages with fewer than 1,000 visitors per week.
Solution
: Focus on the highest-traffic pages or make bolder changes that require smaller samples to detect.
2. Testing changes that are too small
A change that's too small to produce a detectable effect is a change that's too small to test. It happens when teams focus on incremental tweaks (like a slightly different button shade or a minor copy change) rather than changes that are likely to meaningfully affect user behavior. When these tests do reach significance, the effect size is often too small to justify implementing, and every underpowered test on a trivial change is a test you didn't run on something that could actually move your metrics.
Example
: Testing the order of navigation menu dropdowns when users don't understand what your product does.
Solution
: Match the boldness to your traffic volume. Smaller sample sizes need bigger swings.
3. Stopping tests early
Stopping a test before it reaches its required sample size is one of the most common ways teams produce results they can't trust. It happens when interim results look promising, and there's pressure to ship. The numbers seem to confirm the hypothesis, so stopping feels justified. The problem is that early data is noisier than final data, and a result that looks significant at day five may look very different at day twenty. Stopping early inflates your false positive rate, meaning you'll ship changes that don't actually work.
Example
: Ending tests as soon as the p-value hits 0.05.
Solution
: Predetermine the sample size and duration, and stick to them. If you need the flexibility to monitor continuously, enable
sequential testing
.
4. Ignoring external factors
External factors are events or conditions outside your product that affect user behavior during an experiment. It happens when teams run tests during atypical periods like a seasonal sale, a major product launch, or a news cycle, without accounting for how those conditions might skew results. A winning variant during an unusual period may reflect the context more than the change itself, and applying those results year-round can lead to poor decisions.
Example
: Testing during Black Friday and assuming results can be replicated year-round.
Solution
: Note external factors and retest important changes during normal periods before permanently implementing them.
5. Shopping metrics for significant results
Metric shopping is when teams run an experiment against many metrics and report whichever ones show significance after the fact. It happens when teams don't define their primary metric before the experiment starts, leaving the door open to interpret results selectively once the data comes in. The more metrics you test, the more likely you are to find a false positive by chance, and a result that emerges from fishing through metrics is not a result you can act on confidently.
Example
: Testing 20 metrics, hoping one shows significance.
Solution
: Choose your primary metric before starting. Treat others as directional insights rather than stable conclusions.
6. Shipping a winner without checking segment performance
Aggregate results can hide meaningful differences in how different groups of users respond to a change. It happens when teams declare a winner based on overall performance without
breaking results down by segment
. A new checkout flow might increase conversion overall but frustrate returning users who've built habits around the old one, or perform well on desktop while degrading the experience on mobile. Shipping without checking may help some users at the expense of others.
Example
: The overall winner performs worse for important segments.
Solution
: Always analyze results by key segments, like new versus returning users or mobile versus desktop, before implementing.
7. Ignoring implementation cost
Not all winning variants are worth shipping. It happens when teams evaluate experimental outcomes purely by metric lift, without accounting for the actual cost of building and maintaining the change. A variant that requires significant refactoring, introduces dependencies on other systems, or creates an ongoing maintenance burden may not be worth implementing even if the results are strong. The lift needs to justify not just the initial build but the long-term cost of owning the change.
Example
: A lead categorization model can improve onboarding success, but implementing it requires rebuilding the underlying data model and all downstream dependencies.
Solution
: Factor implementation cost into your hypothesis prioritization.
8. Optimizing for short-term metrics
A test can show an increase in conversion while masking longer-term damage. It happens when teams optimize for metrics that look good in a two-week experiment window without considering what happens to users afterward.
Dark patterns
that trick users into taking actions they might not otherwise take can boost immediate conversion rates while increasing refund rates, reducing retention, and eroding brand trust over time. A confused user and a genuinely converted user can look identical in the short term.
Example:
An
edtech team
test that shortened a mandatory course tutorial showed a 20% gain in time-to-first-lesson completion, but a 7% decrease in the final exam pass rate.
‍
Solution:
Use
guardrail metrics
to catch downstream damage. If a winning variant hurts retention or drives up support volume, it's not a real win.
9. Running one test and moving on
Experimentation compounds over time, but only if teams treat it as a continuous practice rather than a series of isolated events. The mistake happens when shipping a winner feels like the finish line. The variant performed better, the change ships, and the team moves on to the next project without asking what they learned or what to test next. A single experiment answers a single question, but the real magic comes from using that answer to sharpen the next hypothesis, and the next one after that.
Example
: A new recommendation algorithm that increases platform engagement, but no one investigates which content types drove the increase to further refine it.
Solution
: Create a regular testing cadence with iteration built in.
10. Not documenting results
Without a record of what was tested, what the hypothesis was, and what the outcome was, institutional knowledge disappears when people leave, and teams waste time re-running experiments that have already been answered. It happens when documentation is treated as an afterthought rather than part of the process.
Example
: A variant everyone was confident would win loses. A few months later, a different team has the same idea and runs the same test.
Solution
: Maintain a searchable experiment archive and share learnings broadly.
How to build a culture of experimentation
Winning a single A/B test is straightforward. The harder work is building an organization where evidence, not opinion, drives decisions consistently across teams, product areas, and levels of seniority.
An
experimentation culture
means controlled experiments are the default way of resolving uncertainty. Companies with a strong experimentation culture, recognize that their win rate is only 20% and that they are terrible at predicting which features will win or lose. That insight creates humility and a determination to test everything. They recognize that the results of a test carry more weight than the instinct of the most senior person in the room, and losing an experiment is treated as useful information rather than a failure.
What a strong experimentation culture looks like in practice
In his book
Experimentation Works
, Harvard Business School Professor Stefan Thomke identifies seven attributes that characterize organizations where experimentation is genuinely embedded. They're worth understanding not as a checklist but as a description of what the mature state actually looks like.
A Learning Mindset:
Experimentation is treated as a continuous process, not a one-time validation. Most experiments won't produce dramatic results, and teams that have internalized this don't treat inconclusive results as wasted effort. They treat them as the cost of learning.
Rewards Consistent With Values:
Teams are rewarded for running good experiments, not just winning ones. When compensation is tied to metrics that make experimentation difficult, or when people are punished for null results, the culture quietly dies regardless of what leadership says about it.
Humility:
In a true experimentation organization, even the most senior person's assumptions get tested. Leadership's job shifts from making top-down calls to creating the conditions for good experiments and accepting what they find.
Experiments Have Integrity:
Strict guidelines govern how experiments are designed and run. This means pre-registered hypotheses, appropriate sample sizes, and agreed-upon metrics before the experiment starts, not after the results come in.
Tools are Trusted:
Experimentation only works if people trust what it produces. If teams routinely question the validity of results or find workarounds to avoid acting on them, the infrastructure exists, but the culture doesn't.
Exploration and Exploitation are Balanced:
There's an inherent tension between running experiments to learn and shipping product to grow. Organizations that only exploit what they already know stop learning. Organizations that only explore never ship. Senior leadership has to manage that balance deliberately.
Leadership Actively Promotes It:
Companies tend to become less innovative as they grow, as the distance between senior leadership and the teams doing the work increases. Experimentation cultures require leaders who actively champion the practice, not just endorse it in all-hands presentations.
Where does your team sit on the experimentation maturity model?
Thomke and his colleagues describe five stages of experimentation maturity. These are a great way to honestly assess where your organization is and what it would take to move forward.
Stage 1: awareness
At the awareness stage,
leadership values experimentation
, but no processes, tools, or infrastructure in place. Decisions are still mostly based on experience and intuition. If your team occasionally runs an experiment when a decision is particularly contested, this is probably where you are.
Stage 2: belief
At the belief stage, leadership accepts that a more disciplined approach is needed and starts investing in tools and dedicated teams. The impact on day-to-day decision-making is still minimal, but the direction is set.
Stage 3: commitment
At the commitment stage, experimentation becomes core to how the team operates. Some product decisions and roadmap calls now require data from experiments, and the impact on business outcomes is becoming measurable.
Stage 4: diffusion
At the diffusion stage, large-scale experimentation is recognized as necessary, and formal standards are rolled out across the organization, supported by tooling and training. Individual teams are no longer the bottleneck.
Stage 5: embeddedness
At the embeddedness stage, experimentation is fully democratized. Teams design and run their own experiments without central oversight, results are shared automatically across the organization, and the institutional memory of past experiments actively informs new ones.
When Harvard Business School's Baker Research Services
compared the stock performance
of companies with strong experimentation cultures against the S&P 500 over ten years, those companies outperformed the index by a wide margin. The group included Amazon, Etsy, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Booking Holdings, and Netflix, organizations that had spent years building the infrastructure and culture for large-scale experimentation.
The future of A/B testing
Experimentation is evolving fast. The tools and techniques available today look very different from what existed five years ago, and the next five years will likely bring even more significant shifts. A few trends worth paying attention to:
AI-powered testing
AI coding tools are accelerating development velocity in ways that are changing how product teams need to think about experimentation. When engineers can ship features faster, the volume of changes hitting production increases. More features shipping faster means more opportunities for something to hurt retention, conversion, or engagement before anyone catches it. Gradual rollouts and a rigorous experimentation practice matter more as shipping velocity increases.
There's also an entirely new category of things to test. Teams building AI-powered features like recommendation systems, content generation tools, and AI tutors face a challenge that standard A/B testing wasn't designed for. LLMs are non-deterministic: the same input doesn't always produce the same output, and measuring quality requires different metrics than measuring clicks or conversions. Testing whether one model prompt produces better learning outcomes than another requires an experimentation platform that can handle that kind of measurement.
GrowthBook's approach is to accelerate every step of the experimentation lifecycle from directly within the tools developers already use.
AI integrations
built into the platform include automatic results summaries, hypothesis validation before a test launches, similar experiment detection using vector embeddings, metric definition generation, and SQL generation for data exploration. MCP integration lets you connect your own tools and agents directly to GrowthBook via the
MCP server
.
Learn more about
how to test AI
with this practical guide.
Real-time personalization
Traditional A/B testing delivers the same experience to everyone in a variant. The next evolution is moving beyond fixed variants toward delivering the optimal experience for each individual user in real time, based on their behavior, context, and predicted response. Multi-armed bandits are an early version of this idea, but the direction is toward much more granular personalization.
Causal inference
As experimentation programs mature, teams are increasingly using advanced statistical methods to understand cause and effect more precisely, particularly in situations where traditional randomized experiments are difficult or impossible to run. Techniques like difference-in-differences, synthetic control, and instrumental variables are becoming more accessible to product and data teams.
Cross-channel orchestration
Many experimentation programs are siloed by channel. A web team runs web experiments, a mobile team runs mobile experiments, and the combined effect of changes across both is rarely measured. The direction is toward experimentation infrastructure that can orchestrate and measure tests across web, mobile, email, and other touch points simultaneously.
Privacy-first experimentation
Privacy regulations and the deprecation of third-party tracking are forcing experimentation platforms to adapt. The approaches gaining traction are those that minimize data movement, work with aggregated rather than individual-level data, and can operate within strict compliance requirements. Platforms that support
self-hosting
are well-positioned for this shift.
How to get started with A/B testing
Getting started with A/B testing
doesn't require a mature experimentation platform or a dedicated data science team, but the setup decisions you make early will either accelerate or constrain your program as it grows.
Get your instrumentation right
Before you can run reliable experiments, you need confidence that the metrics you care about are being tracked correctly and consistently. This means checking that your event logging is complete, that events fire consistently across platforms and devices, and that your data pipeline is reliable.
Skipping this step is one of the most common reasons early experimentation programs produce results no one trusts. A test result is only as good as the data behind it, and discovering instrumentation gaps after a test has run is a frustrating way to learn that lesson.
Start with one test
Pick a high-traffic surface where you have a clear hypothesis and a metric you can measure. Don't start with the most complex change or the most ambitious idea. Start with something where the feedback loop is short, the instrumentation is straightforward, and you have a reasonable chance of seeing a result.
Early wins help build organizational buy-in
. Run the test for long enough to reach your required sample size, analyze the results honestly, and document what you learned regardless of the outcome.
Chances are, your team already has hypotheses worth testing. Look at support tickets, session recordings, and drop-off points in your funnel. If you want external inspiration, resources like
GoodUI.org
and the
Baymard Institute
publish evidence-based UX patterns that can serve as a starting point for simple but effective test ideas.
Find a leadership sponsor
Experimentation programs that stick have a
senior champion
: someone with enough organizational influence to protect the team's time, push back when results are inconvenient, and make the case for investing in the infrastructure. Without one, a single bad test result or a quarter of inconclusive experiments is enough to kill the program before it gets traction.
It’s ok if your sponsor isn’t technical, but they need to believe that making decisions based on evidence is worth the investment, and be willing to say so publicly when the HiPPO in the room disagrees with the data.
Go deeper
One of the most useful things you can do early is learn from teams that have already built mature experimentation programs.
Trustworthy Online Controlled Experiments by Ronny Kohavi, Diane Tang, and Ya Xu
: The most rigorous and practical book on running experiments at scale, written by the people who built experimentation programs at Microsoft, Google, and LinkedIn.
Experimentation Works by Stefan Thomke
: This book takes a broader look at building an experimentation culture, grounded in research across dozens of organizations.
GrowthBook Docs
:
Detailed guides covering everything from getting started to advanced statistical methods, with a practical guide to scaling experimentation at your company.
Join the community
Having access to people who have already solved the problems you're facing is one of the most underrated resources in experimentation, and the experimentation community loves to share knowledge and help each other out.
Trustworthy A/B Patterns
:
GrowthBook is partnering with industry pioneers Ronny Kohavi, Lukas Vermeer, and Jakub Linowski to offer e-commerce companies with over 1 million monthly active users free expert assistance in designing and executing high-impact A/B tests in exchange for the right to publish the results.
GrowthBook Slack
: A free Slack community where you can ask questions, share learnings, and connect with other teams running experiments from those just getting started to those running robust programs at scale.
Test & Learn Community
: A free community of over 2,000 practitioners across experimentation, product, analytics, and research. Members meet regularly on Zoom to discuss topics, hear from industry leaders, and help each other solve real problems.
How to choose an A/B testing platform
The
experimentation platform you choose
now will shape your experimentation program for years to come. It determines what you can test, how fast you can move, and how much you can trust your results. And because experimentation infrastructure becomes deeply embedded in your codebase and data pipelines over time, switching platforms is expensive and disruptive enough that most teams avoid it, so it's worth getting right the first time.
Technical fit and developer experience
The platform needs to work with how your team already builds. A tool that requires significant engineering lift to integrate, or doesn't support your tech stack, will create friction from day one and limit who can actually run experiments.
Target Use Cases:
Was this platform built for product and engineering teams or marketing-led CRO? The answer shapes everything from the SDK architecture to the statistical methods available, and a tool designed for visual editing and landing page optimization will quickly run into issues testing algorithms or server-side features.
SDK Coverage:
The platform needs to integrate cleanly into how your team already builds, without requiring significant backend engineering every time a new test is created. Look for SDKs that evaluate locally with no network requests (keeping performance impact minimal and ensuring experiments work regardless of connectivity), and that cover your full stack. GrowthBook offers
24+ SDKs
covering frontend, backend, mobile, and edge environments, working with virtually any stack.
Feature Flag Integration
: The best experimentation platforms combine
feature flags
and experiments in a single tool. This lets you use the same flag to run an experiment, do a phased rollout, and kill a change if something goes wrong, without switching between systems.
Integration Complexity:
How long does it take to instrument your first experiment? A good platform should have clear documentation and a quick-start path that doesn't require backend engineering for every new test.
Scalability
: Can it handle your traffic volume without degrading performance or requiring you to limit how much of your user base is exposed to experiments?
Environment and Release Management
: Does it support separate staging and production environments, and can you roll out changes incrementally without redeploying code?
AI and MCP integration
: Does the platform support AI-assisted workflows so your team can work smarter and faster, or support MCP so you can integrate your own tools and agents?
Statistical rigor and data ownership
The platform needs to produce results you can actually trust, and that means being transparent about how the statistics work.
Statistical Transparency
: Can you see the methodology behind the results? Look for platforms that support both Bayesian and frequentist approaches, publish their stats engine openly, and don't hide their calculations behind proprietary black boxes.
Warehouse-Native Analysis
: The best platforms let you analyze data directly in your existing warehouse (Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift, Databricks) rather than requiring you to send data to a third-party system. This means your experiment data lives alongside your product data, you define metrics using SQL you control, and there's no duplicate data pipeline to maintain.
Managed Warehouse
: If you don’t have your own data warehouse, some vendors offer a pre-configured data warehouse. This allows you to start out from day 1 with an industry-standard data warehouse without setting one up or creating your own data pipelines.
Metrics Definition and Governance:
Who defines the metrics and how? Look for platforms that let your data team define metrics centrally using your own data definitions, rather than forcing you to redefine them inside the tool.
Data Ownership
: When you stop using the platform, do you keep your experiment history and learnings? Proprietary platforms that hold your data hostage create switching costs that go beyond the tool itself.
Targeting and Segmentation
: Can you randomize at the level that makes sense for your product (user, account, organization, session) and analyze results by segment without the platform limiting how you slice the data?
Security, compliance, and deployment options
Security and compliance requirements vary widely across industries, but the cost of getting this wrong is high regardless. Data residency issues, compliance violations, and PII exposure can all stem from choosing a platform that wasn't built with these constraints in mind.
Self-Hosting
: Can you run the platform on your own infrastructure? Cloud-only platforms create data residency issues for teams with strict compliance requirements and require you to send user data to a third-party system. Self-hosting gives you full control over where your data lives.
Privacy and PII handling
: Does the platform require you to send personally identifiable information to its servers to run experiments? Look for platforms that assign experiments locally, with no user data leaving your infrastructure.
Open Source vs Proprietary
: Open-source platforms allow you to audit the code, customize the platform to your needs, and avoid vendor lock-in, but they require engineering resources for maintenance.
Compliance and Regulatory Requirements
: If you operate in healthcare, financial services, education or other regulated industries, the platform you choose should support your compliance requirements out of the box.
Accessibility and collaboration
Experimentation only scales when the whole team can participate. A platform that creates friction for non-technical users will limit how often experiments get run and who benefits from the results.
Ease of Use for Non-Technical Teams
: Can a product manager set up and launch an experiment without engineering support? Look for intuitive interfaces, clear result summaries, and workflows that don't require SQL or statistics knowledge to navigate.
Result Sharing and Reporting
: How easy is it to share experiment results with stakeholders? Look for shareable dashboards, exportable reports, and result summaries that translate statistical outcomes into plain language.
Experiment Documentation
: Does the platform make it easy to document hypotheses, decisions, and learnings in a way that's searchable and accessible to the whole team? A searchable experiment archive is one of the most valuable things an experimentation program can build over time.
Permissions and Governance
: As your program grows, you need the ability to control who can create, approve, and ship experiments. Look for role-based permissions and approval workflows that you can tailor to how your organization actually operates.
Pricing and total cost of ownership
With experimentation platforms, the sticker price is rarely the full cost. How a platform charges you shapes how much you can experiment, and the wrong pricing model can quietly constrain your program as it grows.
Pricing Model
: Does the platform charge per event or based on traffic volume? These models create a direct conflict between running more experiments and controlling costs, often forcing teams to test on a fraction of their traffic to avoid overage fees. Look for predictable pricing that doesn't penalize you for growing.
Build vs Buy
: Are you better off
building or buying an experimentation platform
? Building an in-house solution gives you full control but most companies
underestimate the complexity
and risks of doing so. Most teams underestimate this cost until they're already committed, and the opportunity cost of those engineers not working on the product is rarely factored in.
Modular vs All-in-one Pricing
: Some platforms charge separately for server-side, client-side, and feature flag capabilities. What starts as one tool quickly becomes multiple SKUs with compounding costs.
Switching Costs
: What happens if you outgrow the platform or want to move? Proprietary data formats, locked-in experiment history, and deep SDK integrations all make switching painful. Factor this into your evaluation upfront rather than after you've committed.
Why GrowthBook for A/B Testing & Experimentation
GrowthBook is the warehouse-native feature flagging, experimentation, and product analytics platform built for product and engineering teams. It's used by over 3000 companies, from early-stage startups running their first experiments to enterprises processing billions of feature flag evaluations per day. Here’s why you should consider using GrowthBook:
No per-traffic or per-event pricing, so you can run experiments on as much of your traffic as you want without watching costs balloon. Learn more about
GrowthBook pricing
.
Analysis runs directly on your
existing data warehouse
(Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift, Databricks), with no need to send data to a third-party system.
The platform is
open source
, your data stays yours, and you can self-host if you need full control.
Feature flags
and
experimentation
are unified in a single platform, so you're not juggling separate tools for rollouts and tests.
The stats engine supports both
Bayesian
and
frequentist
approaches,
CUPED
, post-stratification,
sequential testing
, and advanced techniques like
cluster experiments
and
holdouts
.
Built-in tools for experimentation culture and
deep insights
: a searchable experiment archive, shareable dashboards, and an interface designed for the whole team, not just data scientists.
With
24+ SDKs
covering frontend, backend, mobile, and edge environments, it works with virtually any stack.
You can
start for free
and scale from there. The free tier gives you everything you need to run your first experiments, while the Enterprise plan adds advanced features like holdouts and the governance tools that mature programs need.
Start A/B testing the right way
A/B testing doesn't replace judgment, but it gives judgment something solid to work with. The teams that get the most out of it aren't running the most experiments. They're asking sharper questions, defining better metrics, and building enough rigor into their process that results can actually be trusted.
That's harder to build than it sounds. But the organizations that do it stop having the same arguments about what to ship. They stop reverting changes based on noise. They stop leaving product decisions to whoever made the most compelling case in the last meeting.
In 2026, the companies pulling ahead are the ones replacing guesswork with evidence.
Get started with GrowthBook for free
or
book a demo
today.
‍
Experiments
Platform
How Khan Academy optimizes AI tutoring with experimentation
March 22, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Platform
Release
Experiments
Platform
Featured
true
Body
Kelli Hill gave a standout presentation at The Conference known as
Experimentation Island
on February 24, 2026, walking the audience through Khan Academy's evolution from intuition-based testing to running A/B tests on generative AI features in production. If you missed it, the good news is Kelli will be joining us for a webinar on April 16, 2026. I'd highly encourage you to
register here
. Below are my key takeaways from her talk.
A quick word on Khan Academy
Khan Academy is a nonprofit with a mission to provide a free, world-class education for anyone, anywhere. They have nearly 200 million registered users and have logged over 63 billion learning minutes on their platform. In 2023, they launched Khanmigo, a generative AI-powered tutor and teaching assistant built on top of their massive library of exercises, articles, and instructional content. Khanmigo is the focus of much of their current experimentation work, and the context for everything Kelli shared.
From homegrown to a real experimentation stack
Khan Academy has been running experiments since 2011, when they built their first in-house platform on Google App Engine. At their peak, they had hundreds of A/B tests running simultaneously. But over time, the homegrown system slowed down, and when they rewrote their entire backend in 2019 (a million lines of code, migrating off Python 2), they made a deliberate decision not to port their old experimentation tooling.
Instead, they evaluated what was available. Building a new platform in-house was tempting, but they recognized that experimentation infrastructure wasn't their core competency. Buying an enterprise solution would have required downsampling their data, which was a non-starter. They ultimately
chose GrowthBook
, self-hosting it and connecting it to their existing data warehouse and eventing pipelines. Their chief architect's top priority was that the tool not slow down a site serving a million daily active users, and GrowthBook delivered on that.
The lesson here is one we see repeatedly: organizations that try to build their own experimentation platform almost always end up
spending more than expected
, moving slower than they'd like, and eventually switching to something purpose-built. Khan Academy's journey is a textbook case of making that transition well.
How evals evolved from vibes to automated A/B testing
The most fascinating part of Kelli's talk was the four-phase journey Khan Academy went through to figure out how to measure AI quality. When you're building an AI tutor, you can't just measure click-through rates. The goals are harder:
Increased cognitive engagement
An increase in skills on their way to proficiency
Measurable learning gains on external assessments.
And LLMs make measurement even harder because they're non-deterministic. The same prompt can produce wildly different outputs each time.
How Khan Academy evolved their AI evaluation techniques
Phase 1: Intuition-driven testing.
In September 2022, before ChatGPT had even launched publicly, OpenAI gave Khan Academy early access to GPT-4 via Slack. The team's first experiments were literally typing prompts into Slack and reading the outputs. They quickly discovered problems (GPT-4 confidently told a user that 9 + 5 = 15, then gave the correct answer ten minutes later). Good enough for building intuition about how LLMs behave, but not for building a product.
Phase 2: Structured manual testing.
With a deadline to launch alongside GPT-4's public announcement in March 2023, they built an internal prompt playground for more repeatable testing. Faster than Slack, but still relied on humans to read outputs and judge quality.
Phase 3: Automated post-hoc evals.
This is where things got serious. They assembled a team of PhDs in education to define what good tutoring actually looks like, then had human raters apply that rubric to chat transcripts, targeting 85% inter-rater agreement. Once they had that ground-truth dataset, they used it to train an LLM-as-judge to label transcripts at scale. The key insight: many teams spin up LLM-as-judge systems with no ground truth, resulting in unreliable results. Khan Academy invested in the hard work of human annotation first. Once the machine matched human accuracy, they scaled it to process thousands of interactions nightly.
Phase 4: A/B testing in production.
With reliable automated evals in place, they could finally run controlled experiments on prompt changes, system instructions, and even entire model swaps, all measured against metrics like cognitive engagement, item performance, undesirable tutoring behaviors (like giving away answers), and latency as a guardrail. This is the stage they're in now, with
64 completed experiments
, 29 running, and 13 queued as of February 2026.
The takeaway: as AI products mature, your evaluation methods need to mature with them. You can't skip straight to production A/B testing without the foundation of knowing
what "good" looks like
.
The math agent story: what iterative AI experimentation actually looks like
Kelli shared a concrete example that perfectly illustrates how A/B testing enables teams to "hill climb" toward better AI quality. The problem: Khanmigo had a math agent, essentially a calculator it could call to verify computations. Great for accuracy, but it added latency that was painful in classroom settings.
Here's how the iterations played out:
Iteration 1: Remove the math agent entirely.
Latency improved, but math errors doubled. Rolled back immediately.
Iteration 2: Switch to GPT-5.
Latency decreased, but math accuracy still suffered. Rolled back.
Iteration 3: Optimize the math agent's prompts.
They tightened the system instructions to be more efficient. Latency dropped by three seconds, and math accuracy held. A real win.
Iteration 4: Give the math agent a faster model.
Reduced latency by another 300 milliseconds with stable accuracy.
Iteration 5: Time-box the math agent's execution.
Further latency reduction, accuracy still stable.
Without A/B testing, the team might have shipped Iteration 1 or 2 and unknowingly degraded the learning experience. The experiments gave them the confidence to reject changes that looked good on one metric but failed on the one that mattered most. This is what "hill climbing" looks like in practice: hypothesis, test, measure, iterate. No single change was transformative. The cumulative effect was.
From speed bump to safety net: the cultural shift
Perhaps the most important takeaway from Kelli's talk was about culture. Before Khanmigo, experimentation at Khan Academy was seen as a speed bump. Product teams wanted to ship based on strong founder intuition and internal conviction. Running an A/B test felt like an obstacle to velocity.
Generative AI changed that completely. LLMs are unpredictable enough that even small changes to prompts or system instructions can produce dramatically different outputs. Teams quickly learned that shipping without testing was genuinely risky. The same engineers who once resisted experimentation now actively request it.
Experimentation went from being perceived as something that slows you down to being the safety net that gives teams the confidence to move fast. That cultural transformation, more than any individual experiment result, may be the most valuable outcome of Khan Academy's journey.
Want to hear the full story from Kelli? She'll be joining us for a
live webinar
on April 16, 2026, where she'll share this full story.
Feature Flags
Feature Flags 101: The Ultimate Guide for Product and Engineering Teams
March 2, 2026
Topics
Feature Flags
Release
Feature Flags
Featured
true
Body
It’s Friday, quarter to 5:00 PM. Your team deploys a major checkout redesign to production. Within minutes, its error rates start spiking.
Your Slack’s on fire and your CEO is asking a ton of questions. Next thing you know, you’re staring down a long night of reverting commits and explaining what happened.
Now imagine the same scenario with
one
change. You disable the feature in 10 seconds with a single click, without redeploying code.
That’s the difference between deploying code and deploying code behind a
feature flag
.
In this guide, we’ll cover what feature flags are and how product and engineering teams can use them successfully.
What are feature flags?
A feature flag is a conditional mechanism in your code that lets you toggle application behavior at runtime, without deploying new code.
You wrap a feature in a flag, deploy it in an “off” state, and turn it on when you’re ready. If something goes wrong, you turn it off, which rolls back the deployed feature.
Feature flags
are also referred to as feature toggles or feature switches, but they all describe the same mechanism. At their simplest, feature flags are if/else blocks that check a configuration value to decide which code path runs:
You deploy this code with the feature turned off. So, everyone sees the legacy checkout. When you’re ready, you flip the flag to deploy the feature and flip it back off again if something goes wrong or you’re done testing it.
How do feature flags work?
Feature flag systems have three main components that work together to give you complete control over your features:
Flag Configuration
Flag Delivery
Flag Evaluation
1. Flag configuration
Flag configuration is where you define your flags and the rules that govern them. That can be as simple as a config file or as sophisticated as a dedicated feature management platform with a user interface (UI), audit logs, and role-based access.
Here’s an example configuration for a new-checkout flag:
‍
‍
This config enables the new checkout only for beta testers, so you can test the new flow with a small set of users before rolling out the final version.
Note:
If you’re wondering why you can’t set environment variables for this, it’s because those variables require redeployment to change. Flags don’t.
2. Flag delivery
Once you’ve defined your flags, the configuration needs to reach your application. This can be through an included file at build time, API calls, streaming updates, or a mix of all three.
The method you choose decides how fast the changes propagate. That’s why platforms like
GrowthBook
deliver via server-sent events (SSE) to push changes immediately. The changes come through within milliseconds.
3. Flag evaluation
The final component is where your application actually resolves a flag’s value. The SDK (or your custom code) takes the user’s attributes and evaluates them against the flag’s rules. Based on that, the SDK returns the appropriate value.
In this example, the beta user’s attributes match the rule. So, the flag evaluates to true, and the new checkout renders. If it doesn’t, the flag falls back to the default value of false.
Note:
When a flag is
disabled
(not just set to false, but turned off entirely), most platforms—including GrowthBook—evaluate it as null rather than false. Here, the fallback value will be used if you’ve added one. The boolean one won’t give you an error, it’ll render as false.
What are the types of feature flags?
All feature flags don’t serve the same purpose. And they aren’t meant to live for the same period either.
We can categorize feature flags across three axes:
Their time span
Their purpose
Their scope
Their value type
‍
Here are the types of feature flags:
Feature Flag Type
Lifespan
Primary purpose
Value type
Scope
Retirement
Deployment
2–4 weeks
Testing and debugging code
Boolean
System-level
Yes, after testing code
Release
2–8 weeks
Progressive rollout of new features
Boolean
User-level
Yes, always
Experiment
2–6 weeks
A/B/n testing and variation assignment
String or JSON
User-level
Yes, after shipping the winner
Ops / Kill Switch
Long-lived
Emergency control, runtime config
Boolean or number
System or user-level
No, adjust as needed
Permission
Permanent
Access control by tier, role or geography
Boolean
User-level
No, part of business logic
By time span
There are two types of feature flags based on when or
if
you retire them:
Short-lived flags:
These toggles exist for days to weeks. You create them for a specific purpose—for instance, to ship a feature or run a test, and then remove them when you’re done. These flags are often the source of technical debt because people tend to forget to clean them up.
Long-lived flags:
These flags live in your codebase for months or permanently. They’re part of your app’s ongoing behavior. For example, you might need a kill switch to turn off a part of the app or an entitlement flag to control which users see certain features.
By purpose
Feature flags can be classified into five types based on usage:
1. Release flags
You can use release flags to control the rollout of new features during the release process.
‍
return <LegacyCheckout />;
A typical lifecycle looks like this:
Create the flag
Test with internal users
Run a progressive rollout (5%, 25%, 50%, 100%)
Confirm everything is stable
Remove the flag and the old code path entirely
Most release flags should live for 2 to 8 weeks. If yours has been around longer, it’s time to clean up. Platforms like GrowthBook include
stale feature flag detection
to surface flags that haven't been evaluated recently, so you know which ones are overdue for cleanup.
2. Experiment flags
You should use experiment flags to assign users to variations for
A/B testing
. The main difference is that consistent assignment matters because the same user should always see the same variation for both UX consistency and accurate measurement. Platforms like GrowthBook handle this automatically by hashing the user's ID, so assignment is stable without any extra work on your end.
For A/B testing, it’s also very important to ensure that users are randomly being assigned to both the control and variant groups.
Typically, you’ll leave these on for as long as your experiments run—usually 2 to 6 weeks. But it depends on your traffic volume and the level of statistical power required. Once you’ve shipped the winning variant, remove the flag.
3. Operational flags
Operational flags control system behavior and provide emergency shutoffs. Think about cases like circuit breakers, graceful degradation under load, and runtime configuration changes that don’t warrant a full deployment.
These flags are mostly permanent in nature. You can trigger them manually during incidents or automatically through monitoring or feature flagging systems. A kill switch is an excellent example of such a flag.
4. Permission or entitlement flags
Permission flags control feature access based on subscription tier, user role, geography, or account status. These depend on the business logic and aren’t necessarily used for development or testing purposes.
A permission flag evaluates the user’s attributes (like their plan tier) to determine access, but your application database remains the source of truth for those attributes. It doesn’t mean that the flag stores data, it just evaluates conditions.
A
warehouse-native platform
like GrowthBook can evaluate these attributes directly from your existing data without requiring data duplication or schema changes. Your warehouse is already the source of truth for plan tiers and user roles so you don’t have to bring them into another platform again.
Tip:
Always evaluate entitlement flags server-side using verified data. If you do this client-side, the user can inspect your flag configuration in the browser’s dev tools and potentially change it to bypass controls.
5. Development flags
Development flags
are usually used to turn a feature on or off to test and debug code. These are short-lived, and you should turn them off after completing the QA or testing process.
By scope
Depending on the scope, you can categorize it into two types:
System-level flags:
These flags affect your entire application uniformly. A kill switch that disables a service for all users, or a config flag that changes your cache TTL globally. These don’t care who the user is—they’re binary for the whole system.
User-level flags:
These flags evaluate differently per user based on their attributes—for example, user ID, plan tier, geography, device type, or behavioral signals. User-level flags are used in targeting, rollout, and experimentation because these are based on user attributes. Let’s say you’re launching a 10% rollout, you’re hashing user IDs to consistently assign each person to a cohort.
By value type
Value types describe what a flag returns. Most flags start as simple booleans, but as your use cases mature, you'll reach for more advanced types, such as:
Boolean flags:
These flags return true or false. This is the default for most feature flags, such as on/off toggles and kill switches. If you’re wrapping a feature in a flag for the first time, this is where you start.
String flags:
These flags
return a text value. Use these when you need to serve different variations of content like button text in an A/B test ("Buy Now" vs. "Add to Cart"), or a theme identifier ("dark" vs. "light").
Number flags:
These flags return a numeric value. They’re useful for tuning runtime parameters such as cache TTLs, rate limits, pagination sizes, and retry counts without redeploying.
JSON
flags: These flags return structured data. A single JSON flag can control an entire component's behavior. For instance, returning { "layout": "grid", "rows": 10, "showFilters": true } to configure a UI layout without deploying new code. They’re also useful for complex experiment variations where each variant needs multiple parameters, or for configuration bundles that you want to manage as a single unit.
Who uses feature flags and for what purpose?
Even though feature flags started out as a developer practice, they’re no longer limited to the engineering team. If you implement them, even non-technical users can work with them.
Here’s how that works:
Technical teams
Developers and engineers:
Development teams implement feature flags in code, manage rollouts, and use kill switches during incidents. The goal is to deploy with confidence by making every release reversible. They’re also responsible for maintaining and cleaning up unused or old flags.
QA and testing:
These teams use flags to validate features in production with real data, traffic patterns, and third-party integrations. Since staging environments can never
fully
replicate those conditions, feature flags allow them to get a sense of what will actually happen when the feature is live.
DevOps and site reliability engineering (SRE):
These teams rely on operational flags for circuit breakers, infrastructure migrations, and system configuration changes. For instance, if a service degrades, they can disable non-critical features to preserve core functionality.
Data analysts:
Analysts use flags to launch experiments, create targeting rules (who will be part of the experiment), and then randomly assign users to a variation. When a feature is launched as an experiment, analysts get clean and randomized data in their warehouse. For example, assignment records alongside behavioral events without having to add experimentation individually."
Security and compliance:
These teams audit flag changes to maintain a record of who released what, to whom, and when. Features like approval workflows and audit logs matter the most so that they can access that information. Also, if new regulatory requirements take effect, they can disable non-compliant features immediately.
Business and GTM teams
Product managers:
Product teams use feature flags to control release timing and manage beta programs. Feature flags give product managers autonomy to ship code when the business is ready, not just when the code is. They also help data science teams with experimentation—for example, when they need to test how features perform with different audiences.
Marketing:
Typically, product marketing teams use flags to time feature releases to campaigns or run promotional experiments. Personalization is another key use case where they offer curated experiences based on audience (user attributes).
Note:
While feature flags help non-technical users time feature releases, it doesn’t mean every feature flagging platform is intuitive enough to use. Consider using a platform like GrowthBook that lets non-technical team members create and manage feature flags without writing code or filing engineering tickets.
What are the benefits of using feature flags?
Most product and engineering teams adopt feature flags to address a specific problem. Usually, it’s a painful deployment that went sideways. But there are several benefits of using feature flags, including:
Decouple deployment from release
Feature flags break the assumption that deploying code means releasing a feature. Your main branch can contain unreleased features safely wrapped in flags. And engineers can merge continuously without worrying about exposing incomplete work.
In short, your engineering team can deploy 10 times a day while releasing features weekly or whatever cadence the business needs.This is particularly beneficial when different teams are contributing to a feature. For example, if the back-end team delivers new functionality ahead of the front-end team, they check that code in behind a feature flag instead of keeping it in a branch.
Enable instant rollbacks
When things go wrong (and they will, usually at the worst possible time), you can disable a feature immediately. You don’t have to deploy new code or revert commits. As a result, you also recover from incidents much faster. Without a feature flag, engineering teams are often forced to create a new build that removes buggy code while keeping stable features that were included in the previous build. This can be a painful, time-consuming process, especially if the bug is hurting the live customer experience.
In fact, the
State of DevOps 2024
report found that only 19% of engineering organizations recover from failed deployments in less than an hour. These “elite” teams tend to focus on continuous delivery practices, which are usually enabled by feature flags.
Reduce risk with progressive rollouts
Instead of releasing to everyone at once, you can start small. First, roll out to 5% of users and monitor key metrics like error rates and performance. If everything looks good, gradually increase to 25%, then 50%, then 100%. If issues arise, the blast radius is limited to a small subset of users. Learn more about
how to use feature flags to reduce risk in deployment
.
Test in production safely
Staging environments never perfectly mirror production. They lack real user behavior, real data volumes, and real traffic patterns, and you can’t make decisions if you’re testing in it.
For instance, if you’re testing a new payment processor integration, the staging environment can’t replicate the complexity of real payment flows or peak traffic loads. But if you use feature flags, you can test it with real user transactions, which gives you concrete data on what’s working (and not).
Increase team velocity
When you start using feature flags, velocity is a second-order benefit that you’ll experience eventually. Nobody’s waiting on shared release windows anymore, so they deploy code when it makes sense for them. So, teams ship faster and with more confidence in the long run.
In fact, according to
research from DORA
, higher deployment frequency correlates with higher software quality and stability. And it all comes down to feature flags that enable continuous delivery.
Enable trunk-based development
Long-lived feature branches are a tax on your engineering team. They diverge from the main branch and accumulate merge conflicts over time, which causes more issues the longer they live.
That’s why sophisticated engineering teams have started adopting trunk-based development.
In this method, they merge incomplete code to main behind a flag where it’s deployed but never executed. So you get the benefit of continuous integration without the risk of shipping unfinished features to users.
Build a foundation for experimentation
Once you can control who sees what, the next question is: which version is actually better?
Feature flags give you the ability to test that. While they act as the delivery mechanism, experiments act as the measurement layer.
Together, they move your team from “We shipped it and hope it works” to “We shipped it, measured it, and know it works.”
What are the use cases of feature flags?
Here are the most common use cases of feature flags for product and engineering teams:
Release management
You wrap a new feature in a flag, deploy it to production in an off-state, and progressively roll it out. You can use it for:
Internal dogfooding with your team
Beta access for a select group of users
5% canary release to catch issues early
Gradual ramp to 25%, 50%, 100%
At each stage, you monitor metrics and can halt or roll back if problems appear. This transforms launches from high-stakes events into
controlled, iterative processes
.
For a full framework, see our guide to
release management best practices
.
Kill switches and operational control
Sometimes the most important thing a feature flag does is turn something
off
. It’s usually used when incidents happen, and you need to respond quickly. This drastically reduces your mean time to recovery (MTTR).
Infrastructure migrations
Big-bang deployments are becoming a thing of the past. You don’t need a whole ceremony to move from one database to another.
Let’s say you’re migrating from PostgreSQL to CockroachDB. All you have to do is route 1% of read queries to the new database and monitor its performance. If everything looks good, ramp up to 10% and so on and so forth until it’s complete.
A/B testing and experimentation
Feature flags are the natural foundation for
experimentation
. Once you can consistently assign users to different feature variations, you can measure which version performs better with statistical rigor.
This is becoming especially relevant for teams
building AI and GenAI features
. When your recommendation engine uses a large language model (LLM) or your search results rely on an embedding model, you can’t just eyeball whether the new version is better.
You need
controlled experiments
with guardrail metrics and feature flags that provide the infrastructure to run them in production safely.
Personalization and targeting
Feature flags let you deliver different experiences based on user attributes, geography, device type, or behavioral signals. You don’t need to maintain separate codebases for each attribute because the targeting rules handle the variation.
Target users based on specific attributes in GrowthBook
Entitlements and access control
If you run a multi-tier SaaS product, feature flags can manage which plans can access certain features. For example, you can automatically offer a premium integration for Enterprise users when they upgrade.
Also, if you need control over your data, use a feature flag platform that’s self-hosted or air-gapped. So, your flag evaluation data never leaves your network and ensures you’re compliant with regulations like HIPAA, GDPR, and SOC 2.
Refactoring code
Feature flags reduce the risk of large-scale refactors by letting you run old and new implementations side by side. Route 5% of traffic to the refactored code path, compare outputs and performance against the original, and gradually shift over once you’re confident.
This is especially useful during monolith-to-microservices migrations, where you can flag-control which service handles each request and roll back individual routes without reverting the entire migration.
Compliance and regulatory control
Regulatory requirements change, sometimes quickly. Feature flags let you respond without waiting for a development cycle.
When a new data protection rule takes effect, you can disable a non-compliant feature across affected jurisdictions immediately. When your compliance team needs a four-eyes approval process for production changes, approval workflows on flag modifications implement that principle directly.
What advanced feature flagging strategies can you use?
Once you’re comfortable with basic on/off flags, you’ll quickly run into situations where a simple toggle isn’t enough. You need to roll out to a specific percentage of users. Or target enterprise accounts in a particular region.
These strategies build on each other. Here are a few examples:
Percentage rollouts with persistent assignment
Percentage rollouts let you gradually release a feature to a random sample of users—5%, then 25%, then 50%—while monitoring for issues at each stage. The critical detail is
persistent assignment
.
When a user lands in the 10% cohort, they need to stay there as you ramp up to 50% and eventually 100%. Most platforms handle this by hashing the user’s ID against the flag key, which produces a consistent, deterministic assignment without storing state.
Release features using percentage rollouts in GrowthBook
Use percentage rollouts when you’re releasing a new feature and want to limit your blast radius. If something breaks at 5%, you’ve affected 5% of users.
Force rules and complex targeting
Force rules
let you target specific user segments based on combinations of attributes. For example, geography, device type, account age, company name, subscription tier, or any custom property you pass to your SDK.
Target specific user segments using Force Rules in GrowthBook
For example, you might want to enable a feature for enterprise accounts in Australia with an account age of greater than three months. Or certain tax rules might only apply in a few countries.
Safe rollouts with guardrail metrics
A
safe rollout
combines a percentage rollout with automatic metric monitoring. You define guardrail metrics like page load time, click rate, conversion rate, error rate, revenue per user, or whatever matters for this feature. And the system watches them as you ramp up.
If guardrails breach your thresholds, the rollout automatically reverses. The feature goes back to 0% while you investigate.
Monitor metrics in real time when using percentage rollouts in GrowthBook
Multi-environment flag management
Your new checkout feature might need to be:
Always on
in development (so your team can build against it)
50% rollout
in staging (to test the progressive rollout logic itself)
Off
in production (not ready for customers yet)
This is where the relationship between projects,
environments
, and SDK connections matters. In GrowthBook,
projects
are the top-level organizational units (e.g., your mobile app vs. your web app).
Within each project, you have environments (production, staging, development). Each flag can have different values and rules per environment, and the SDK connection determines which flags your application actually receives.
When should a company adopt feature flags?
The short answer is earlier than you think. Most teams wait until they’ve been burned by a botched deployment or a release that broke critical functionality. By that time, everything you do is reactive in nature—and you’re retrofitting them into a codebase that’s already complex.
If you’re seeing these signals, it’s definitely time to
adopt feature flags
:
Every deployment feels high-stakes:
Everyone’s on Slack watching dashboards, ready to hit rollback. If deploying makes your team nervous, you have a release process problem that flags can solve.
Rollbacks take hours to complete:
If your recovery time is measured in hours, a single toggle would have saved you time.
Multiple teams are blocked on release windows:
“We can’t ship until Backend deploys” shouldn’t be a weekly conversation. Using feature flags helps you decouple these dependencies.
You can’t test with real production traffic:
If you don’t have a way to expose features to real users in a controlled way before launching them, you’re guessing.
Product decisions are based on opinions:
You want to run A/B tests but lack the infrastructure to do so. In these cases, feature flags act as the delivery mechanism to make experimentation possible.
You’re growing the engineering team:
As your team grows, so does its deployment complexity. It’s easier to coordinate releases with two engineers, but when you add more to the mix, the room for errors increases.
You deploy more than once a week (or want to):
High-frequency deployment without feature flags is high-frequency risk. Flags make it safe.
If you checked 2+ of the above criteria, feature flags will immediately improve your workflow.
When should you
not
use feature flags?
Knowing when
not
to use a flag is just as important as knowing when to use it. Here are a few reasons why you shouldn’t:
Don’t use flags for static configuration:
If changing the value requires a full restart, it belongs in your config, not your flag system. Feature flags are for runtime decisions, so mixing the two adds unnecessary complexity.
Don’t use flags for secrets or sensitive data:
You should never pass personally identifiable data (PII), API keys, or tokens through your feature flag system. This is especially critical for client-side applications because your configurations and targeting rules can be sent to the user’s browser, where anyone can inspect them. If you need to target based on sensitive attributes like email addresses, evaluate the flag server-side using verified data, or use hashed and anonymized attributes for
client-side evaluation
.
Don’t use flags for core business logic:
If your subscription tier logic or pricing rules permanently live inside a feature flag, your core business functionality now depends on the availability of an external flag service. Once an experiment or rollout is complete, migrate the winning variant into your application code or a dedicated entitlement service.
Be cautious if your app traffic is low:
Feature flags for simple on/off releases work at any scale. But if you’re planning to run A/B tests and your app has 100 users a month, you won’t reach statistical significance in any reasonable timeframe. The flag infrastructure still has value for release management and kill switches—just don’t expect experimentation to pay off until your traffic can support it.
Don’t adopt flags without clear processes:
Unless and until you have the right processes—for example, naming conventions, ownership docs, governance controls, and cleanup processes in place, don’t use flags. Otherwise, you’ll end up with too much technical debt in the long run.
What are the best practices for using feature flags?
To avoid spending months cleaning up avoidable issues, follow these best practices:
Use clear, descriptive names
Six months from now, nobody will remember what ff-123 or test-flag means. So, choose a clear naming convention and stick to it. For example, {feature-name}-{type} works well (checkout-redesign-release, cta-color-experiment).
Note:
Platforms like GrowthBook let you enforce naming patterns with regex validation to prevent duplication and enforce governance.
Clean up old flags ruthlessly
Every flag in your codebase adds a conditional branch. For instance, 10 flags create 1,024 possible code paths, but 20 flags create over a million. These create blind spots, so after you roll out a feature, do the following:
Remove the flag check from your code
Remove the old code path entirely
Delete the flag from your management platform
Document why it was removed
Turn it into a team ritual and also implement monthly or quarterly cleanup rituals to reduce technical debt. If you’re using a platform like GrowthBook, it’ll
automatically detect stale flags
and show you where these flags live in your codebase.
Remove old flags with automatic staleness detection in GrowthBook
Set expiration dates on temporary flags
It’s easy for seemingly temporary flags to become permanent. If there’s no clear deadline to clean it up, it’ll continue to sit in your codebase unnoticed—while its cleanup gets deprioritized sprint after sprint.
That’s why we recommend setting a calendar reminder for 30 or 60 days whenever you create a new flag. Better yet, create a Jira ticket or GitHub issue linked to the flag due two weeks after the target completion date.
Note:
GrowthBook also supports
flag scheduling
, so you can set flags to automatically enable or disable at a specific date and time. This is useful for both feature launches and scheduled cleanup. If you prefer creating a Jira ticket, our
Jira integration
lets you link flags directly to tickets, so you can track these cleanup tasks within your existing workflow.
Start small with your rollouts
It’s easy to skip steps when you’re confident about a feature. Resist the urge and default to a progressive delivery method.
Start with your internal team, then 1% of the traffic, then 10%, and so on. Continuously monitor changes or unusual behavior at each step—and only remove the flag when you confirm stability.
Monitor business metrics too
A feature can do everything right. It can have zero errors or sub-100ms response times, but it can still tank your conversion rate.
When you set up monitoring for a rollout, watch both layers:
Technical guardrails:
Error rate, response time (p95 and p99), resource usage, API failures
Business guardrails:
Conversion rate, revenue per user, support ticket volume
If a new feature is technically flawless but users keep raising tickets right after launch, something’s wrong. You’ll have to look under the hood to understand what happened.
Document flag purpose and ownership
You don’t want to be rummaging through hundreds of Slack threads or Jira tickets to find out what a flag does. At a minimum, every flag should have:
What it controls (one sentence)
Who owns it (team or individual)
Expected cleanup date
What metrics indicate a problem
Rollback procedure (usually “set to 0%” or “disable“)
Template:
Flag:
new-checkout-flow
Purpose:
Progressive rollout of redesigned checkout experience
Owner:
@growth-team (Primary: @jane)
Created:
Expected cleanup:
Rollback procedure:
Set to 0% immediately if conversion drops >5%
Success metrics:
Checkout completion rate improves by 3%+
P95 checkout latency stays under 2s
Support tickets don’t increase
Current status:
25% rollout, monitoring for 1 week before increasing
Use role-based access control
Role-based access control (RBAC) allows you to control which user can access specific flags. Use RBAC to define roles that map to your risk model, including who can:
Create flags
Modify targeting rules
Approve changes to production
Publish
When you combine RBAC with four-eyes approval workflows and audit logs, you’ll have everything you need to remain compliant.
Understand how feature flags affect performance
Feature flags add an evaluation step to every request, so you need to know where that evaluation happens and what it costs. Most modern SDKs run flag evaluations locally, including GrowthBook.
On client-side implementations, the SDK initializes asynchronously, which means users may briefly see the default experience before flags are evaluated: a “flicker.” You can mitigate this through server-side rendering and
anti-flicker support
.
Similarly, if you have hundreds of flags with complex targeting rules, it can bloat the initial SDK payload. Within GrowthBook, you can use
project-scoping
so each SDK connection receives only the relevant flags, and use Saved Groups to reference large ID lists rather than inlining them.
What mistakes to avoid while using feature flags?
Here are the most common ways teams shoot themselves in the foot (and how to avoid it):
Reusing flag names
In 2012,
Knight Capital
dealt with a software glitch that bankrupted the company. When an engineer reused the name of a deprecated feature flag to launch a new feature, the app ran trades based on an old functionality. This happened because the old flag’s code was still present in an unpatched server and this mistake eventually cost the company $440 million, leading to its closure within a week.
It was one of the
biggest
coding errors we’ve ever seen. That’s why we recommend creating
new
flags for every feature you roll out. It takes 30 seconds, and you avoid the risk of activating code paths you or your team has forgotten about.
Using client-side flags for security
Feature flags control what to
show
. They don’t control who has
permission
. This distinction matters for client-side applications where flag values are visible in browser dev tools.
If you’re doing anything involving money, data access, permission, or privileged APIs, you’re better off using server-side flags to do it.
Ignoring rollback procedures
Typically, rollbacks seem simple. You flip the flag back to off, and the problem is solved. But sometimes it’s not that simple. In 2020,
Slack experienced an outage
because a feature flag rollout triggered a performance bug. Even though the team rolled back the feature in 3 minutes, it left a stale HAProxy state that led to a six-hour outage.
Before rolling back a flag, you should know:
What metrics indicate a problem
Who has permission to roll back
What the downstream effects of rollback might be
Whether the rollback itself has been tested
Not testing both flag states
Your Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) pipeline probably tests your application with your current production flag configuration. But does it test with the new flag turned on? Does it test with the new flag turned off again (the rollback scenario)?
If you only test one state, you’re assuming the other works. So, test three configurations:
Current production state
Intended release state
Rollback state
If you can’t test all three in Continuous Integration (CI), at least smoke test the rollback in staging before you push the flag live.
How to use feature flags for experimentation
Most teams start with feature flags for release safety. But once you can control who sees what, a natural question follows: which version is actually better?
Without experimentation, you’re essentially shipping features based on intuition. For instance, you might think a signup form could be cleaner with fewer fields. But only a real test can tell you if there’s an uptick or fall in conversions. Feature flags give you the ability to run these tests easily.
How it works
In GrowthBook, an experiment is a rule you add to an existing feature flag. You don’t need to migrate SDKs or add new code.
Users are randomly assigned to a variation and their assignment is stable—they always see the same version. GrowthBook tracks which variation each user saw, then joins that with your existing analytics events (purchases, signups, clicks) to calculate which version performed best.
Run experiments using feature flags as the mechanism
The progression from flag to experiment typically looks like this:
Simple toggle:
Feature is on or off for everyone
Percentage rollout:
Feature reaches a growing slice of users
Safe rollout:
Percentage rollout with guardrail monitoring and auto-rollback
Full A/B test:
Controlled experiment with statistical analysis and winner selection
By the time you reach step 4, you already know the feature doesn’t break anything. Now you’re asking a different question: does it actually
improve
anything?
GrowthBook's warehouse-native approach
Most experimentation platforms require you to export data to their system, send tracking events to their infrastructure, or download results and crunch them in spreadsheets. All of these create data silos and increase costs.
That’s why GrowthBook connects directly to your
existing data warehouse
. You can integrate with platforms like Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift, or Databricks and run the analysis there. Your data never leaves your infrastructure, which simplifies SOC 2, GDPR, and HIPAA compliance significantly.
And because it has access to your full warehouse, you can segment experiment results by any dimension you already track. For example, LTV cohort, acquisition channel, device type.
Should you build or buy a feature flagging tool?
The answer depends on your organization’s size and needs. Here’s an easy framework to help you decide:
Capability
Build Your Own
Use a Platform
Setup time
Hours
Minutes
Basic on/off flags
✅ Easy
✅ Easy
Percentage rollouts
⚠️ Custom code
✅ Built-in
User targeting
⚠️ Custom code
✅ Built-in
A/B testing
❌ Requires analytics integration
✅ Built-in
Non-engineer access
❌ Not without building UI
✅ Web dashboard
Audit logs
❌ Custom implementation
✅ Built-in
Multi-environment
⚠️ Manual management
✅ Built-in
SDKs for multiple languages
❌ You build them
✅ Provided
Ongoing maintenance
⏰ Significant
⏰ Minimal
Monthly cost
$0 (but engineering time)
$50-500+ (depends on scale)
Time to advanced features
Months of development
Immediate
Legend: ✅ Fully supported | ⚠️ Possible with effort | ❌ Not practical
When to build your own feature flag tool
Building makes sense when your needs are genuinely simple:
You need fewer than 10–20 simple on/off flags.
You have strict compliance requirements preventing any third-party services.
You have dedicated engineering time for ongoing maintenance.
You only need basic on/off functionality without targeting or experimentation.
You want full control and have the resources to maintain it.
A config file or a database table can work fine at this scale. But in our experience, before you know it, you’ll be building dashboards and complex functionality just to maintain the flags.
When to use a feature flagging platform
A platform pays for itself quickly once any of these apply:
You need targeting beyond simple on/off (user segments, percentages, complex conditions).
You want experimentation and A/B testing capabilities.
You’d rather spend engineering time on your product than on internal infrastructure.
Non-engineers (PMs, marketing, data analysts) need to manage flags.
You require audit logs, role-based access, or compliance features.
You want debugging tools, flag lifecycle management, or third-party integrations.
You plan to scale flag usage across multiple teams and services.
Note:
If you need to run experiments, it’s always better to go with a feature flagging platform. It’ll give you full control over what’s being tested, and you can be sure of its statistical rigor. For instance, GrowthBook includes a suite of developer tools for testing and debugging feature flags. The
DevTools Chrome Extension
lets you inspect flag evaluations and simulate different user attributes directly in your browser.
How to create feature flags in GrowthBook
GrowthBook supports
24+ languages and frameworks
. But here’s how to implement your first feature flag in under 10 minutes using React:
1. Get your SDK client key
Go to
SDK Configuration
in GrowthBook, create a new SDK Connection, and copy the Client Key (it starts with sdk-).
2. Install the SDK
3. Wrap your app with GrowthBook provider
4. Create a flag in GrowthBook
In GrowthBook’s dashboard:
Navigate to
Features
→
Add Feature
Set a unique feature key: new-onboarding
Choose value type: boolean
Default value is false (off by default)
Your flag is now live.
5. Use the flag in your code
That’s it. The flag defaults to false, so everyone sees the classic onboarding. Toggle it to true in the dashboard, and the new version appears instantly. Toggle it back, and you’ve rolled back in seconds.
From here, you can add targeting rules, percentage rollouts, safe rollouts with guardrail metrics, or full A/B experiments within the same dashboard, without changing your code.
Ready to start?
Try GrowthBook Cloud free
, or check out the
documentation
for integration guides across all 24+ SDKs. For self-hosting, the
GitHub repo
has everything you need.
Frequently asked questions
1. What is the difference between feature flags and feature management?
Feature flags are the technical mechanism—the if/else statements in your code that check configuration values. Feature management is the broader practice of using flags strategically across the software lifecycle, including targeting rules, progressive rollouts, experimentation, governance, and lifecycle management.
2. What is the difference between feature flags and feature toggles?
“Feature flags” and “feature toggles” are synonyms for the same concept. You’ll also see “feature switches,” “feature flippers,” and “feature gates.”
3. What is the difference between feature flags and experiments?
Feature flags control who sees what. Experiments measure which version performs better. So, flags act as the delivery mechanism to run your experiments, and experiments give you the measurement layer to see the results.
4. What is the difference between feature flags and branches?
Git branches manage code versions during development, while feature flags manage feature visibility in production. With branches alone, you can’t deploy a feature until the branch merges and deploys. But with feature flags, the code merges to main immediately, but the flag keeps it hidden until you’re ready to release.
5. What is feature testing?
Feature testing means validating that a feature works correctly before releasing it broadly. With feature flags, you can enable a feature only for QA accounts or internal users and test it in production with real data and traffic patterns.
6. How do feature flags help with continuous delivery?
Feature flags separate deployment from release, so you can merge code continuously and deploy multiple times a day with new features safely wrapped in flags. Without them, you can’t deploy continuously because the feature itself might be incomplete or unvalidated. Learn more about
feature flags and continuous delivery
.
7. What is progressive delivery, and how do feature flags enable it?
Progressive delivery is the practice of gradually releasing features to larger user segments while monitoring for issues at each stage. Instead of a binary release (
off
for everyone, then
on
for everyone), you incrementally increase exposure. For example, releasing it to the internal team first, then 5% of real users, until you reach 100% of users.
8. How do feature flags differ from configuration files?
Configuration files are static. If you have to change them, you’ll have to redeploy the code or restart the whole service. But feature flags evaluate at runtime. You have to flip a switch to ensure your changes propagate to your application within seconds via streaming updates.
9. How can you deploy and manage feature flags at scale?
To
deploy flags at scale
, you need the following features and capabilities:
Centralized feature flag management across all services
SDKs for every language in your stack
Streaming updates where changes propagate instantly
Governance controls like audit logs, RBAC, and approval workflows
Lifecycle management, such as
stale flag detection
, ownership tracking, and enforcement of cleanup cadence
10. What are client-side feature flags?
Client-side flags
evaluate in the browser or mobile app rather than on your server. They’re useful for UI experiments, frontend rollouts, and A/B tests on visual elements. They’re usually visible to users, so don’t use them for PII, sensitive data, or access control.
11. What are the benefits of an open source feature flag platform?
Here’s why open source feature flag platforms are the better choice today:
You can inspect exactly how flags are evaluated, how experiments are analyzed, and how your data is processed. Plus, you can audit security practices before deploying to production.
You can fork the codebase if the project changes direction. You can also self-host indefinitely without an ongoing vendor relationship.
You can deploy the app within your own infrastructure. This is critical for regulations like HIPAA, FedRAMP, SOC 2, and GDPR.
With open source platforms, you pay for the infrastructure you choose, so you don’t rely on the vendor’s infrastructure pricing.
You can take advantage of
OpenFeature
,
a Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) incubating project that creates a vendor-agnostic API standard for feature flagging.
Learn more about the
8 best open source feature flagging platforms.
Feature Flags
Your React feature flags are probably broken (here's how to fix them with TypeScript)
February 23, 2026
Topics
Feature Flags
Release
Feature Flags
Featured
true
Body
Your checkout component renders perfectly. The layout looks right, the tax rate loads, the payment methods appear. Everything passes your visual check — and then you deploy, and users get the experimental beta layout when they shouldn't.
The bug? A feature flag with the value "false" — a string, not a boolean. In JavaScript, a non-empty string is truthy. So the flag that was supposed to disable the experimental UI was quietly enabling it for every single user. TypeScript had no idea, because it had no idea your feature flags existed at all.
This is the quiet danger of untyped feature flags. They fail silently, they're hard to reproduce in tests, and they tend to surface at the worst possible moment. Here's how to close that gap with generated TypeScript types — and a few additional best practices that make your flags easier to maintain as your codebase grows.
Why TypeScript doesn't save you (by default)
Most React developers working with feature flags write something like this:
const { isExperimental, taxRate, headline, paymentMethods } = useGrowthBook();
This looks reasonable. But TypeScript has no way of knowing:
Whether
isExperimental
is a real flag name in GrowthBook
Whether it should be a boolean, a string, or a number
Whether your fallback value type matches the default defined in your dashboard
Without type definitions, the SDK treats everything as any. You can pass a string where a boolean belongs, misspell a flag name, or reference a flag that's been deleted — and your code compiles without complaint. The result is a whole category of bugs that are genuinely hard to catch: everything looks fine at the TypeScript layer, but the runtime behavior is wrong.
The fix: generated type definitions for your feature flags
The solution is to give the
GrowthBook React SDK
a TypeScript interface that describes all your flags — their names and their value types — so the compiler can enforce correctness for you.
GrowthBook provides a CLI tool to generate these types. But if you're using Cursor or another AI-assisted editor with MCP support, there's an even faster path: you can generate the types directly through
GrowthBook's MCP server
without leaving your editor.
Either way, the result is a file called
app-features.ts
that contains a complete TypeScript interface for every flag in your GrowthBook account:
export
interface
AppFeatures { checkout_experimental_layout:
boolean
; headline:
string
; shipping_tax:
number
; payment_methods:
string
[];}
Every flag. Every type. Automatically generated from your actual GrowthBook configuration — not hand-written and left to drift.
Using the flag types in your component
Once you have
app-features.ts
, import it and pass it to the
useGrowthBook hook
as a generic type parameter:
import
{ AppFeatures }
from
'./appfeatures'
;
import
{ useGrowthBook }
from
'@growthbook/growthbook-react'
;
const
gb = useGrowthBook<AppFeatures>();
That one change unlocks the full power of TypeScript's type checker against your feature flags. The moment you do this, errors that were previously invisible become immediately visible — right in your editor, before you run anything.
The errors you'll actually see
When we applied types to a real checkout component with four flags, TypeScript surfaced several problems immediately:
Wrong flag name.
The component was using
isExperimental
as a flag key. The actual flag in GrowthBook is
checkout.experimental_layout
. Without types, this compiled and ran fine — it just returned the fallback value every time, silently. With types, it's a compiler error on the spot.
Wrong value type.
The fallback for
checkout.experimental_layout
was "false" — a string. The actual flag type is boolean. This is the bug from the opening: because "false" is a truthy string, the experimental layout was enabled for every user. TypeScript catches this the moment you add the type definition.
Mismatched default values.
The component assumed
payment_methods
defaulted to just credit card. The actual default in GrowthBook includes Bitcoin. With the MCP server, you can verify that your fallback values match your GrowthBook defaults directly in the editor — and even have the agent update the code for you.
These aren't hypothetical bugs. They're the kind of thing that gets deployed on a Friday.
Keeping flag types in sync
Generating types once is useful. Keeping them current is what makes this a real system.
When you generate types via the GrowthBook CLI or MCP server, it also adds a script to your package.json:
"scripts"
: {
"generate-flag-types"
:
"growthbook generate-types"
}
Run this any time you add, remove, or change a flag in GrowthBook. It takes seconds and ensures your TypeScript definitions never drift from your actual configuration. A good practice: add it to your CI pipeline, or at minimum to your pre-release checklist. Stale type definitions are better than none, but fresh ones are what give you the full safety guarantee.
Three more feature-flag best practices worth adding
Type safety solves the hardest category of feature flag bugs, but there are a few additional practices that will save you headaches as your flag usage grows.
Handle loading states explicitly
When your app initializes, GrowthBook fetches flag values from the server. During this brief window, the SDK relies on local fallback values. If not handled explicitly, this can result in a
"flash of unstyled content" (FOUC)
where users see the wrong UI state for a split second.
To solve this, the GrowthBook React SDK provides the
<FeaturesReady>
helper component. It allows you to render a loading state until your features are fully loaded:
<FeaturesReady timeout={500} fallback={<LoadingSpinner/>}> <ComponentThatUsesFeatures/></FeaturesReady>
Don't skip this. While loading is often near-instant in development, the "flash" becomes painfully obvious for production users on slower connections
Use descriptive, consistent flag names
Flag names like
ff-123
or
new-ui
become unmaintainable fast. When you have 50 flags, you need to know at a glance what each one controls, which team owns it, and whether it's still active.
A naming convention that works well:
{scope}-{description}-{date}
Example:
checkout-experimental-layout-2025-03
,
pricing-annual-discount-enabled-2026-01
,
onboarding-video-modal-shown-2026-02
.
It's more characters, but it's searchable, scannable, and self-documenting.
Paired with TypeScript autocomplete (which you now have), good naming means you can find the right flag in seconds rather than hunting through a dashboard.
Know what client-side flags can and can't do
Feature flags evaluated in the browser are visible to users — anyone with DevTools can inspect the flag values your app receives. This is fine for UI experiments and gradual rollouts, but it means you should never use client-side feature flags to gate access to sensitive features or enforce permissions.
For anything security-sensitive — premium features, admin capabilities, access control — validate on the server. Client-side flags are for experience control, not authorization.
Client Side Feature Flagging
Understand the advantages and pitfalls of client-side flagging and how to avoid many of the issues.
GrowthBook BlogGraham McNicoll
Getting started
If you're using GrowthBook with React, here's the short path to type-safe flags:
Generate your types
using the
GrowthBook CLI
(
npx growthbook features generate-types
) or through the MCP server in Cursor
Import and apply the types
to your
useGrowthBook
hook
Fix the errors
TypeScript surfaces — treat each one as a bug caught before production
Add loading state handling
so users don't see flashes of the wrong UI
Standardize your flag naming
convention before your flag count grows
Add the generation script
to package.json and run it whenever your flags change
The type setup takes under 10 minutes. The bugs it prevents can take hours to diagnose after the fact — and the ones that reach users can take down conversions quietly for days before anyone notices.
GrowthBook has full documentation on
TypeScript type generation
for React and every other supported SDK. If you run into questions, the
GrowthBook Slack community
is active and helpful for anything experimentation-related.
Feature Flags
Why developers choose GrowthBook over LaunchDarkly for feature flagging
February 22, 2026
Topics
Feature Flags
Release
Feature Flags
Featured
false
Body
A
feature flag platform
ends up in critical paths: request handlers, render paths, mobile startup flows, and incident response. Most
development teams
still evaluate tools by feature checklists and pricing pages. That misses what tends to matter after adoption: runtime behavior, failure modes, testability, and whether measurement becomes a second system of record.
This article compares GrowthBook and LaunchDarkly across three architectural planes that tend to matter more than feature checklists:
Runtime plane
: How flag definitions propagate, how targeting decisions are evaluated, update models, hot-path dependencies, and outage behavior.
Measurement plane
: How rollout exposure connects to outcomes, and whether measurement becomes a second system of record.
Control plane
: Governance, approvals, environments, enterprise integrations, and deployment model.
Note: See the
side-by-side comparison of GrowthBook vs. LaunchDarkly
for more details.
Each section focuses on real-world behavior and operational tradeoffs, not feature checklists. Both platforms cover the control-plane basics and provide rollout safety features, but they optimize for different priorities.
LaunchDarkly
tends to win when you want observability-connected safety automation and enterprise workflow/compliance plumbing (ServiceNow, Terraform, broader certification programs).
GrowthBook
tends to win when you want deterministic local evaluation, SQL-native impact measurement aligned with your database or warehouse, self-hosting options, and seat-based pricing predictability.
Pick based on whether you prioritize managed safety and workflow automation or runtime predictability and measurement alignment with your existing data systems.
The three planes of feature flagging
Every feature flag platform operates across three planes:
Diagram 1: The three planes of feature flagging
Control-plane features are easy to compare; runtime and measurement are where long-term debt accumulates.
GrowthBook vs LaunchDarkly: runtime, measurement, and control planes compared
Plane
What matters
GrowthBook (typical)
LaunchDarkly (typical)
Runtime
Hot-path dependency, caching, failure modes, targeting flexibility
Local rule evaluation; attribute-driven targeting without schema changes
Relies on LD services for rule storage; multi-context targeting with explicit entity modeling
Measurement
Joining exposure to outcomes, avoiding "two truths"
SQL-native measurement against your database/warehouse
Event collection with export paths; warehouse-native options vary by offering
Control
Rules, environments, approvals, governance, deployment
Strong baseline; self-host option; single-stage approvals
Deeper enterprise workflow plumbing (ITSM/IaC); multi-stage approvals; broader certifications
Runtime plane: updates, evaluation, and targeting
Feature flags live in hot paths and incident loops. When you evaluate feature flagging platforms, start with four runtime questions:
How do updates propagate?
(polling vs streaming; how fast can you change a rollout?)
What's on the hot path?
(local evaluation vs remote dependency; where does latency come from?)
What happens in partial outages?
(what's cached; what degrades; what falls back to defaults?)
How flexible is targeting?
(can you add new dimensions without refactoring your identity model?)
The first three are pure runtime concerns. Targeting spans both the control plane (where you define rules) and runtime (where those rules get evaluated). Below is how GrowthBook and LaunchDarkly answer these questions in practice.
Update propagation (polling vs streaming)
How do flag changes reach running apps? This matters when you're expanding a rollout or killing a flag during an incident.
GrowthBook:
SDKs fetch and cache the rules payload locally at initialization and can refresh it periodically or on demand. If you need faster propagation, the
GrowthBook Proxy
or GrowthBook Cloud supports
streaming updates via Server-Sent Events
.
Diagram 2: GrowthBook SDKs Runtime Evaluation Flow
LaunchDarkly:
Server-side SDKs commonly use streaming connections for updates. Client-side SDKs may poll or stream depending on platform and configuration.
What to take away:
GrowthBook is “fetch-and-cache by default, stream when needed.” LaunchDarkly is “streaming-first” in many deployments.
Hot-path dependency (local rules vs remote evaluation)
GrowthBook:
Often uses a cached-rules model: SDKs fetch a rules payload, keep it locally, and evaluate in-process. If you need to keep targeting rules off the client, GrowthBook supports
Remote Evaluation mode
via the proxy/edge workers.
LaunchDarkly (client-side):
Client-side SDKs
rely on LaunchDarkly services to store flag rules and deliver flag values/updates for a specific context, reducing rule exposure but increasing network dependence during init/refresh.
What to take away:
Rule secrecy and centralized evaluation usually imply more network reliance; local rules reduce dependency surface area.
Partial outages and degradation behavior
Both platforms cache locally, but what’s cached determines the failure mode:
GrowthBook client-side (local rules):
SDK caches the
ruleset
. During an outage, evaluation continues from cached rules; you mainly lose propagation of new changes.
LaunchDarkly client-side (local values):
SDK caches evaluated
values
for a context. During an outage, cached values continue to serve; evaluations that require fresh context updates may fall back to defaults until connectivity is restored.
Server-side (both):
SDKs typically cache rules locally and evaluate without network calls; outages mostly affect receiving updates.
What to take away:
The practical difference is whether the client can keep evaluating against rules offline (rules cached) versus only serving previously-evaluated values (values cached).
That covers how flags arrive and are evaluated in production. The next runtime question is what you can express with those evaluations: targeting.
Targeting: who sees what, and how flexible is the model?
Targeting determines
who sees what
when a flag is evaluated: by user, tenant, region, device, plan, or any other attribute.
Targeting straddles both runtime and control planes. You, the author, rule in the control plane, but they execute at runtime. We cover it here because the runtime model (how rules get evaluated, what you can express without SDK changes) is where GrowthBook and LaunchDarkly differ most. The control-plane authoring experience is comparable; the runtime flexibility is not.
Tenant-consistent rollouts for B2B
B2B SaaS teams need rollouts that are consistent per tenant. If you're testing billing changes on 10% of organizations, User A and User B from Acme Corp need to see the same thing.
GrowthBook
: hash-based bucketing on any attribute. Set the hash attribute to company_id, and all users from the same company land in the same bucket. No state synchronization required.
“We were looking to customize attributes on which we could toggle a roll-out, instead of using a percentage roll-out. Having tags for the classroom or the district a student is in, and then actually rolling out based on those, gives us a lot more power.”
‍
—
John Resig
, Chief Software Architect,
Khan Academy
, customer story
LaunchDarkly
: multi-context targeting. Define explicit context kinds (user, organization, device) and build rules that compose them. More structured but requires more upfront modeling.
Composition vs. structural identity
LaunchDarkly:
multi-contexts model
User
,
Organization
, and
Device
as distinct entities. That helps when those entities have separate lifecycles, metadata, and policy rules.
GrowthBook:
keeps the runtime model simpler: evaluation is driven by the attributes you pass (for example, company_id, plan, device, region), and you can compose reusable targeting logic with
Saved Groups
(including nested groups) instead of introducing entity schemas at the SDK level.
When to choose
Choose GrowthBook if:
You expect targeting dimensions to change over time and you want to add new ones without introducing new context schemas or SDK-level entity modeling.
Choose LaunchDarkly if:
You need explicit, first-class separation between entity types (user vs org vs device) and you want targeting/governance to reflect those boundaries directly.
Measurement plane: proving rollout impact
Measurement determines whether you can reliably connect
who saw a change
with
what happened next
. The integration model matters because it either reuses the metrics and data pipelines your team already trusts creates a second analytics system that can drift from your source of truth.
When toggles aren't enough
You ship a feature behind a flag to 20% of users. A week later, your PM asks: "Did it increase conversion?" Your VP asks: "Did it slow page loads?"
Now, flags become an analytics problem. You need to join flag exposure (who saw what variant) with outcomes (revenue, latency, errors).
When flag platforms become a second source of truth
Many centralized
experimentation
and flag platforms collect events via SDKs, store them in their infrastructure, and provide dashboards for analysis. To join rollout data with your
product analytics
or warehouse, you use Data Export (sometimes an add-on depending on plan) and build pipelines.
This creates two problems:
Duplicate instrumentation.
Sending events to your analytics platform (Amplitude, Mixpanel, your warehouse) AND your flag vendor. Duplicate tracking code, duplicate schemas, potential drift.
Metric drift.
Vendor analytics calculates revenue one way. The BI team calculates it differently. Results don't match. Trust erodes.
If your product data already lives in a central database or warehouse, a second analytics system can introduce unnecessary drift and duplication.
How the two platforms approach this:
LaunchDarkly:
Collects flag exposure events into its own system and provides analysis there. To analyze outcomes using your warehouse metrics, you typically export those events and join them downstream.
GrowthBook:
Reads exposure and outcome data directly from your database or warehouse and computes results with SQL, so the experiment uses the same tables and metric definitions your BI and engineering teams already rely on.
SQL as a simplifier
GrowthBook's approach: compute outcomes using SQL against your existing database. Flag exposure and outcome analysis stay aligned with the metrics that your team already trusts.
How it works:
Define metrics in SQL against tables that already exist in your database.
GrowthBook runs those queries to calculate results.
All data stays in your database. No export, no pipelines, no schema mapping.
Postgres/MySQL as the practical on-ramp
"
Warehouse-native
" can sound like you need Snowflake or BigQuery to get started. You don't. If you're running Postgres or MySQL for your application, GrowthBook can use those directly as your measurement database. This lets engineering teams start with outcome measurement without waiting for data warehouse infrastructure or analytics team support.
Practical setup:
Connect GrowthBook to a read replica (not your production primary). Cap time windows to avoid full table scans.
Define a Fact Table with a single SQL query, then derive multiple metrics from it using the metric builder. For advanced cases, drop to raw SQL.
As query volume grows, the same SQL-defined metrics can move from Postgres to ClickHouse or your preferred warehouse without rewrites. GrowthBook supports
multiple SQL data sources
including Postgres, MySQL, ClickHouse, Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift, and Databricks.
Practical benefits of warehouse-native measurement
Use metrics you trust.
Your BI team has a revenue metric. Your data engineers validated it. Use that in rollout analysis instead of reimplementing it in a vendor dashboard.
Measure engineering outcomes without instrumentation.
You have error logs in BigQuery. Write a metric that counts errors by flag variant. No SDK events, no custom tracking. Just SQL against existing tables.
Tail metrics with statistical validity.
If you already store latency or error telemetry, GrowthBook can attribute changes to rollout exposure using the same analysis pipeline as your other metrics. P95/p99 and tenant-level effects get measured at the right unit, not eyeballed from a graph.
Tenant-correct measurement for B2B.
GrowthBook can measure rollout impact in a way that respects tenant boundaries, so you don't accidentally treat thousands of users in one large customer as thousands of independent samples. LaunchDarkly can get you the exposure data, but tenant-correct impact measurement is something you typically implement yourself downstream.
LaunchDarkly's approach
LaunchDarkly's Data Export sends raw events to your warehouse. You can then write SQL to join them with your metrics. This approach works, but it introduces an additional pipeline to maintain.
LaunchDarkly has now started offering warehouse-native experimentation capabilities for Snowflake. Availability and feature scope may vary by plan and region.
Control plane: governance and deployment
Operational constraints determine how a flagging platform fits into your organization’s
security model, change-management processes, and cost structure
. These factors often matter less during early adoption, but become decisive as teams scale, enter regulated industries, or standardize release workflows across the company.
Governance and deployment
Standard controls
Both platforms support staged rollouts, approval workflows, and RBAC. GrowthBook has single-stage approvals. LaunchDarkly supports multi-stage approvals (up to five stages). Most teams find single-stage sufficient. Regulated industries or large organizations with complex change management may require a multi-stage approach.
Environments work similarly: dev, staging, production. You can copy flags across environments and test changes before promoting to prod.
Self-hosting and data perimeter control
GrowthBook is open source and self-hostable. Run the entire platform in your VPC, keep all data in your infrastructure, never send PII to a vendor. Deployment via Docker, Kubernetes, Helm.
LaunchDarkly is a multi-tenant SaaS. Relay Proxy exists for edge caching, but the management and control plane remains SaaS. For air-gapped deployments or zero data egress requirements, GrowthBook is the option between these two.
"With the kinds of experiments we run and the sensitive data we handle, data security is paramount. The fact that GrowthBook offered us the ability to keep that data in-house was a key reason why we chose to work with them."
‍
—
Diego Accame
, Director of Engineering, Growth,
Upstart
, customer story
Check out this guide if you’re looking to evaluate
open-source feature flagging tools
.
Where LaunchDarkly's enterprise integrations matter
he team to deploy feature flags at scale much more cost-LaunchDarkly has native ServiceNow integration, a mature Terraform provider, and compliance certifications (ISO 27001, ISO 27701, FedRAMP). For organizations that require ServiceNow change management, Terraform for infrastructure-as-code, or specific compliance attestations, these are table stakes.
GrowthBook has SOC 2 Type II. LaunchDarkly’s additional certifications will matter to some teams selling into highly regulated industries. For teams without these specific requirements, these certifications won’t be necessary.
That covers the three architectural planes. But there's one more dimension that doesn't fit neatly into the model, and it often ends up mattering more than teams expect.
The hidden dimension: pricing (dis)incentives
The three-plane model covers the technical evaluation. But there's a fourth dimension that doesn't fit neatly into architecture diagrams: pricing. Most teams treat it as a procurement problem, separate from technical decisions. That's a mistake.
Pricing models shape how teams use platforms. They create incentives that ripple back into architecture.
LaunchDarkly
prices their product based on monthly active users (MAU) for client-side and service connections for server-side (per
LaunchDarkly's pricing page
). As your user base grows, your bill grows. At scale, MAU-based pricing can push teams to architect around counting and routing rather than shipping: sampling, filtering, or proxying traffic to manage cost. The platform becomes a line item that scales with success, which can create tension between "flag everything" best practices and budget constraints.
GrowthBook
prices per seat with unlimited flags, traffic, and experiments (per
GrowthBook's pricing page
). The bill is the same whether you have 100K users or 10M users. This removes the "should we flag this?" calculation. Teams use flags more liberally because there's no marginal cost per evaluation, which can lead to cleaner release processes and faster rollbacks. This allows team to
deploy feature flags at scale
much more cost effectively.
This isn't about which model is "better." It's about recognizing that pricing affects architecture. If your team is already optimizing flag usage to manage costs, that's a signal worth examining.
How to decide
When GrowthBook is the better fit for development teams
Flag evaluation off the network hot path.
GrowthBook's local evaluation model keeps decisions in process with cached rules, reducing dependency surface area and making failure modes easier to reason about.
Identity model changes frequently.
Attribute-driven targeting
lets you add new dimensions (tenant, plan, cohort, region) without introducing new context schemas or SDK-level entity modeling.
Rollout impact measured in SQL on data you already trust.
GrowthBook computes metrics directly against your Postgres, MySQL, or warehouse tables, avoiding a second analytics system and metric drift.
Self-hosting or strict data-perimeter control.
GrowthBook can run entirely inside your VPC with no PII leaving your infrastructure.
Predictable, seat-based pricing.
Costs stay stable as traffic grows, which removes incentives to sample or proxy requests just to manage MAU.
When LaunchDarkly is the better fit for development teams
Auto-generated metrics from observability platforms.
LaunchDarkly can auto-generate metrics from OTel traces and observability tools (Dynatrace, Honeycomb, New Relic, Splunk). This reduces setup time when you want rollout safety tied immediately to production telemetry. GrowthBook has
Safe Rollouts
with auto-rollback as well, but guardrail metrics are SQL-defined, which means routing observability data to your database or warehouse first.
ServiceNow/ITSM governance is mandatory.
LaunchDarkly has native ServiceNow integration. GrowthBook uses webhooks and APIs.
ISO 27001, ISO 27701, or FedRAMP certifications are required.
For teams selling to federal agencies or highly-regulated industries, these certifications are non-negotiable.
Terraform provider is mandatory.
LaunchDarkly has a mature Terraform provider for infrastructure-as-code workflows. GrowthBook doesn't.
Niche or legacy SDK coverage.
LaunchDarkly supports platforms like Haskell, Erlang, Roku, and Apex. GrowthBook's 24+ SDKs cover most platforms, but not these.
Decision guide
Priority
Recommended feature flagging platform
GrowthBook
LaunchDarkly
Runtime dependency surface (hot path, outages, testing)
✓
Flexible targeting without refactors
✓
Self-hosting / data perimeter control
✓
SQL-native measurement (database/warehouse)
✓
Seat-based pricing predictability
✓
Experimentation rigor (quantile, CUPED, cluster)
✓
Release safety automation (guarded rollouts, auto-rollback)
✓
✓
Auto-generated metrics from observability platforms
✓
Enterprise compliance (ISO, FedRAMP)
✓
ITSM workflows (ServiceNow)
✓
Infrastructure-as-code (Terraform)
✓
Niche SDK coverage (Haskell, Erlang, Apex)
✓
Bottom line
Feature flagging looks simple on the surface. Development teams discover the real differences once flags sit in their hot paths, incident response, and product metrics.
At runtime
, the question is how much of your flag evaluation depends on network and vendor infrastructure. GrowthBook leans toward local, deterministic evaluation. LaunchDarkly leans toward managed infrastructure with deeper built-in safety automation.
In measurement
, the question is whether rollout impacts lives inside the flag vendor or stays aligned with the database and metrics your team already trusts. GrowthBook centers measurement in SQL on your existing systems. LaunchDarkly centers it in a managed event and observability pipeline, with export paths when you need them.
In operational constraints
, the question is whether you need enterprise workflow plumbing and compliance programs out of the box, or control over deployment, data location, and cost structure.
Both platforms cover the control-plane basics. They optimize for different failure modes and organizational priorities. The right choice isn't about feature checklists. It's about which architecture matches how your systems fail, how your data is measured, and how your organization ships software.
Experiments
A/B testing in the age of AI
February 10, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Release
Experiments
Featured
true
Body
Prologue: is A/B testing here to stay?
In the age of AI, there is a growing debate about how it will transform the professions and skills we rely on today. Some view AI as a game changer, capable of completely reshaping the workforce: certain professions and skill sets may disappear entirely, while new, as-yet-unknown roles will emerge. Others argue that AI’s impact will be more evolutionary than revolutionary: the same professions will remain, but AI will accelerate and enhance the work we already do, enabling people to accomplish more in less time.
This debate naturally extends to the realm of
A/B testing
: will experimentation remain necessary at all? Some suggest that experimentation could become fully automated, potentially making roles like product managers, analysts, developers, and designers redundant. Others contend that while AI will fundamentally reshape these roles, it will not eliminate them. From this perspective, AI’s most significant contribution lies in speed: it can increase the volume of ideas that require testing and accelerates the ability to analyze the results. In effect, AI has the potential to dramatically compress product development cycles, allowing teams to iterate faster and more efficiently.
For a concrete enterprise example, see how
JPMorgan Chase approaches experimentation in the age of AI
, where faster shipping makes learning from losing tests just as important as scaling winners.
From this vantage point, A/B testing is far from disappearing; it is evolving. In this blog, we explore how AI is reshaping A/B testing: highlighting the areas already transformed, those on the verge of change, and those likely to remain largely unchanged.
Already here: how AI powers the building blocks of A/B testing
A/B testing
is the standard approach for determining whether new product versions genuinely outperform existing features. A typical A/B test comprises four main stages: hypothesis generation, where the proposed change and its expected impact are defined; experiment planning, which includes setting up the test conditions and determining an appropriate sample size; data collection and analysis; and finally, drawing conclusions and sharing the results across the organization.
AI usage
can already be found across the different stages of this lifecycle.
Hypothesis generation: defining what to test
Keeping track of what has already been done is essential for generating strong hypotheses. Past experiments provide critical context, helping teams avoid redundant or low-value tests and focus on ideas with real potential. Yet systematically tracking prior experiments remains a major challenge for analysts. As experiment volume grows, it quickly exceeds human cognitive capacity, and documentation becomes harder to navigate, especially as teams scale and members frequently join or leave.
This is precisely the kind of problem where AI excels. Platforms like
GrowthBook
leverage AI to help teams build efficiently on prior experiments by surfacing what has worked, identifying opportunities for new features, and even creating new
feature flags
and experiments directly in the platform. Crucially, these insights are not based on generic ideas; they are grounded in the company’s own data and experimental history, producing tailored solutions for the specific user population of the product.
Activating this AI support is as natural as talking with a teammate. In GrowthBook, analysts can simply ask what has worked in previous experiments, what has failed, and what to do next. Beyond suggesting new test ideas, the platform evaluates hypothesis quality against organization-defined criteria and helps prevent duplicate experiments by surfacing similar tests related to the current hypothesis.
Planning: setting up the test
Once you know what you are going to check, the next step is to
design
the test. The main goal at this stage is to determine the test duration, which is directly driven by the required sample size. Sample size calculation is essential to ensure the experiment has enough statistical power to detect an effect when one truly exists.
Importantly, sample size planning is tightly linked to the data and the required confidence levels. Sample is driven off of the expected improvement, the required statistical significance, often 0.05 and the statistical power required, often 80%. While this planning is largely data driven, AI can still add value by helping teams manage, standardize, and document metrics across the organization by generating clear, consistent definitions and descriptions.
Analysis: data acquisition and evaluation
Once data has been collected, AI can add value across the entire analysis pipeline, from data extraction to generating insights. For example, GrowthBook allows users to create
SQL
queries directly from plain-text descriptions, execute them, and visualize the results. But the impact of AI in this platform goes far beyond query generation. By leveraging information linked to the tests, such as the hypothesis and metrics, AI can produce a full analysis of the results. This includes generating a summary that can be attached to the experiment, with the content and style of the summary controlled through prompts that specify how the results should be described.
Beyond straightforward hypothesis testing, AI can also enable deeper exploration through segmentation analyses, helping teams understand
where
and
for whom
effects occur. AI-assisted exploration can also uncover unexpected patterns or secondary signals (such as mouse movement or click behavior) that might otherwise go unnoticed.
Documenting and sharing: turning results into knowledge
To derive impact from an A/B test, it is essential to clearly communicate the results. In the era of AI, analysts no longer need to struggle with interpreting findings or deciding how to present them to stakeholders. By leveraging language models, AI can simplify this task simply by being provided with information about the experiment and the actual data.
Within each: accelerating A/B testing automation & learning with AI
AI enhancements are already influencing various components of A/B testing. In the near future, we believe AI has the potential to go beyond individual components, integrating the entire A/B testing lifecycle into an end-to-end process and enabling a deeper, more causal understanding of why effects occur and where errors originate.
Unifying the experimentation lifecycle
‍
AI already supports key parts of the experimentation lifecycle. The next step is to integrate these capabilities into a unified, automated workflow. In practice, this could range from describing analysis goals in natural language to AI proactively proposing experiment ideas. For example, GrowthBook’s
Weblens
allows teams to upload a website URL and receive data-driven experiment recommendations.
In the future, AI-driven systems could autonomously generate product variants and run experiments end to end, while analysts retain oversight to ensure product quality, correct user allocation, and sound interpretation of results. This shift has the potential to significantly reduce the friction that commonly exists between product, engineering, and analytics teams.
Today, analysts are rarely responsible for implementing product changes or launching experiments, which often leads to misalignment, such as missing tracking events or users being allocated but never exposed to a variant. These issues can require substantial rework or, in the worst case, invalidate the experiment entirely. By centralizing the experimentation workflow within an AI-driven system, many of these coordination failures can be prevented, resulting in faster execution, cleaner data, and more reliable insights.
Automatically diagnosing experimental issues
‍
AI can improve experiment validity not only by reducing operational friction, but also by automating validity checks and helping debug experiments when issues arise. For example, today a common validity check is
Sample Ratio Mismatch (SRM)
, which verifies that the actual allocation of users matches the planned allocation. Beyond SRM, it is advisable to periodically conduct
A/A tests
, which compare the control version against itself. Ideally, no significant differences should emerge; if they do, it may indicate that some aspect of the software or testing environment is unintentionally affecting outcomes.
So, what can AI contribute to these validation checks? Quite a lot. While implementing SRM and A/A tests is relatively straightforward, diagnosing the source of a problem when one arises is far more complex. Tracing the root cause often requires detailed data exploration, which can be guided by AI tools. In more advanced settings, AI can even proactively detect potential issues by continuously monitoring differences in allocation or user characteristics, (e.g., identifying a higher proportion of bots in one group). This capability allows teams to catch and resolve problems earlier, reducing wasted time and resources.
Learning about your product
‍
Understanding why an effect occurred is not only important when errors arise; it becomes even more critical when significant results are observed. Beyond simply deciding which features to ship or retire, companies are deeply interested in understanding their users and their needs. By uncovering what drove the impact in a test, companies can make more informed product decisions, identify opportunities for improvement, and tailor experiences that truly resonate with their users.
Achieving this goal today often requires substantial manual effort, from building dashboards and running follow-up analyses to iteratively exploring data to uncover the drivers of observed changes. AI can dramatically accelerate this process by enabling learning across user segments and other potential explanatory variables. While tools such as automated segmentation analysis already address part of this need, AI’s potential extends much further. In the near future, it is expected to reveal complex segment interactions, detect seasonal patterns, and analyze historical user behavior, providing a deeper understanding of the people who use our product.
Beyond our grasp: AI as a replacement for humans in A/B testing
The existing and emerging AI-based practices naturally raises a broader question:
how far can automation go?
In theory, AI could fully automate the experimentation process. In such a “human-free” scenario, humans would no longer be needed in two key roles. First, they might not be required as users, as their behavior could be accurately modeled and simulated. Second, they might no longer be necessary as decision-makers, with AI autonomously generating, running, and evaluating experiments. From our perspective, however, both assumptions remain far from reality, at least for the foreseeable future. Let’s explore why.
No need for humans as users?
The case for automation.
‍
Human behavior can be modeled computationally, which raises the possibility of using synthetic users to test and iterate on product changes. In principle, such agents could enable experiments to be run, evaluated, and refined without involving real users.
Why humans still matter.
‍
Human behavior is deeply contextual, shaped by emotions, social norms, cultural influences, and continuously evolving motivations. These nuances are difficult to capture fully in any model, and existing datasets inevitably reflect only a partial view of human decision-making. Moreover, products are ultimately designed for, and evaluated by, humans; not abstract agents or simulations. As a result, even the most sophisticated models must ultimately be validated against real human responses.
No need for humans as decision-makers?
The case for automation.
If AI could autonomously generate hypotheses, run experiments, evaluate outcomes, and draw conclusions to guide subsequent tests, human intervention might become unnecessary. In such a scenario, each experiment would naturally flow into the next, creating a continuous, fully automated experimentation workflow.
‍
Although this vision is tempting, allowing AI algorithms to operate entirely without human oversight is unlikely in the near future; too much is at stake. While AI can assist in running experiments, organizations are unlikely to relinquish human judgment, which safeguards revenue growth, user experience, and alignment with broader business objectives.
This cautious approach is already evident in A/B testing. Fully automated methods, such as reinforcement learning and
multi-armed bandits
for user allocation, have existed for years. Despite their advantages, these methods are never allowed to run without human supervision. Instead, they typically complement rather than replace classical A/B testing.
This highlights a broader reality: even if AI eventually handles the entire product development lifecycle autonomously, analysis and creativity will remain crucial for evaluating AI-generated ideas, monitoring product updates, and interpreting results and insights. Human involvement in A/B testing and product decision-making is therefore unlikely to disappear; instead, it will transform: analysts will spend less time on hands-on execution and more on supervising, guiding, ideating, and shaping AI-driven processes.
Bottom line
There is no doubt that AI is transforming A/B testing as we know it. What remains open to debate is the
extent
of that transformation. In this piece, we’ve shared our perspective on what has already changed and what is most likely to evolve in the near future.
Today, AI is already helping teams generate stronger hypotheses, monitor and interpret metrics, automate large parts of the analysis workflow, and communicate results more effectively. Looking ahead, AI is likely to further connect the different phases of the experimentation lifecycle, enhance debugging and validation capabilities, and strengthen segmentation analysis, unlocking deeper and more nuanced product insights.
By reducing friction, accelerating learning cycles, and lowering the cost of running and analyzing experiments, AI empowers analysts and product teams to learn faster and make better-informed decisions every day.
We invite you to join us at
GrowthBook
as we continue building the next generation of experimentation, where A/B testing meets the
power of AI
.
Releases
Product Updates
4.3
Announcing GrowthBook 4.3: faster experiments, deeper insights
February 4, 2026
Topics
Releases
Product Updates
4.3
Release
Releases
Product Updates
4.3
Featured
true
Body
At GrowthBook, we're focused on helping you learn faster and ship with confidence. GrowthBook 4.3 delivers on both fronts, with
post-stratification
to reach statistical significance sooner,
metric drilldowns
to understand results more deeply, and
feature evaluation diagnostics
to verify your flags are working correctly in production.
GrowthBook 4.3 is now available to all cloud and self-hosted users.
Experiment analysis
Post-stratification
(enterprise only)
Experiment analysis now supports
post-stratification
, a powerful variance reduction technique that produces more precise results.
Here's the idea: if you know revenue varies by country, post-stratification uses that information to isolate the
treatment effect
from between-group noise. The result is tighter confidence intervals from your existing traffic. In the right conditions, CUPED + post-stratification can be equivalent to running your experiment with 20%+ more traffic!
Configure post-stratification at the organization level under
Settings
→
General
, or override it at the metric or experiment level. To enable it, you'll need to have pre-computed dimensions configured in your experiment assignment query.
Post-stratification is available to Enterprise customers. CUPED (without post-stratification) is available to Pro and Enterprise customers.
Experiment Metric Drilldowns
(all editions)
GrowthBook experiment metric drilldown panel showing goal metric timeseries data across experiment variations
Understanding experiment results just got a lot easier. Click any metric row to open a
Metric Drilldown,
a focused view with everything you need to interpret that metric without jumping between pages:
The
Overview
tab shows metric details, time series, and a results table with analysis controls.
The
Slices
tab lets you see how your metric breaks down across different values.
GrowthBook metric slices view showing average Largest Contentful Paint (LCP) broken out by browser and country for an A/B test
The
Debug
tab reveals how CUPED, post-stratification, capping, and priors are affecting your numbers.
GrowthBook experiment results debug view showing pre- and post-CUPED variance reduction and metric capping applied to a goal metric
Metric slices are an Enterprise feature. See
Metric Slices
for configuration details.
Experiment result filters (all editions)
Experiments with dozens or hundreds of metrics can be overwhelming to review. You can now
filter results by tag, slice, or metric group
to focus on what matters.
Once you find a view you like, use
Add to Dashboard
to save it for later and share with your team. We also cleaned up the results UI to reduce clutter and keep the focus on your data.
Daily participation metrics
(all editions)
We added a brand new metric type:
Daily Participation
. For each user, this measures the fraction of days they were active while enrolled in the experiment (active days ÷ days exposed), then averages that value across users in each variation.
Think of it as DAU normalized per user and exposure window, but more stable for experiments than raw daily active user counts.
This is a really valuable metric for any website or app that is trying to grow daily usage.
Better fact table filters (all editions)
GrowthBook fact metric filter interface for defining row-level filters on a fact table without writing SQL
Metrics are built on Fact Tables, and often you only need a subset of rows. This release adds a powerful
filtering UI
to define exactly which rows to include, without writing SQL.
Feature flags
Feature evaluation diagnostics
(All editions)
GrowthBook feature flag evaluation diagnostics table showing SDK evaluation events from a data warehouse for troubleshooting targeting rules in production
When a flag isn't behaving as expected, debugging can be frustrating: you're left guessing whether the issue is in your targeting rules, SDK configuration, or something else entirely.
Feature evaluation diagnostics
solves this by querying SDK evaluation events stored in your data warehouse. See exactly what evaluated in production, not just what the rules say
should
happen. Troubleshoot targeting conditions, rollouts, and experiment rules with real data instead of guesswork.
Nested saved groups (all editions)
Saved Groups now support
nesting
, letting you define groups in terms of other groups. Build complex targeting logic while keeping base definitions centralized and reusable.
For example, combine "Beta Users" AND "Enterprise Plan" to create "Beta Enterprise Users." Update the base group, and nested groups update automatically.
This makes it faster and easier to create targeting rules for feature flags.
Case-insensitive regex targeting (all editions)
New targeting options for
case-insensitive regex and "in list" matches
—useful for matching email addresses and other values where case shouldn't matter.
Available now in the latest JavaScript, React, Node, and Python SDKs. More SDKs coming soon.
Rust and Roku SDKs (all editions)
We're excited to announce two new official SDKs:
Rust
and
Roku
.
Rust is the language of choice for modern performance-critical applications. Special shout out to the
community
, who authored the initial version of this SDK.
GrowthBook, now on your TV? That’s right, the next time you watch your favorite show, GrowthBook might be working behind the scenes with the launch of our official Roku SDK, a leading smart TV platform that powers millions of streaming devices and TVs worldwide.
With these additions, GrowthBook now offers
24+ SDKs
spanning client-side, server-side, mobile, and edge.
Quality-of-life improvements
Big thanks to all of our users who reported bugs, shared feedback, and contributed ideas to this release on
GitHub
or
Slack
.
Many small improvements add up to a big boost in usability:
Improved query performance for fact metrics
Cleaner experiment results UI with fewer distractions
OR targeting conditions
Updated SDK support
New API endpoints to manage experiment dashboards and custom fields
New Project Admin role to make it easier to manage a large distributed team
New Custom Hook option to only validate incremental changes
Kerberos auth support for Trino/Presto
Option to auto-update metric slice values
Support for additional AI models from Anthropic, Mistral, xAI, and Gemini
Plus dozens of smaller fixes and performance improvements.
Experiments
How The Social Club cut experimentation costs by 82%
January 24, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Release
Experiments
Featured
true
Body
Rudger de Groot of
Mintminds
shared how
The Social Hub
slashed its experimentation costs with GrowthBook. By driving down the incremental cost per experiment as close as possible to zero, companies can run as many experiments on as much traffic as they want.
The best experimentation programs scale cost-efficiently, so they can run more experiments, learn faster, and ship smarter. But a hidden cost killer is BigQuery query inefficiency. The more you test, the more you pay. What if there were a way to test more and pay less?
In this case study, we’ll show you how
Mintminds
cut experimentation costs for
The Social Hub
using GrowthBook with BigQuery optimizations from
GA4Dataform by Superform Labs
. The setup slashed BigQuery costs by 81.8% while improving data refresh speeds and monitoring capabilities. Here's how they did it.
A scaling advantage built into the cost structure
The mission at Mintminds is simple: build high-quality experiments with reliable data and analysis.
GrowthBook’s pricing model
allows for a setup where the more you test, the lower your per-experiment cost. But to optimize costs, you need to understand where money actually flows. Let’s break down the pricing:
Fixed costs (pricing, as of Nov 2025)
$40/month per seat for GrowthBook Pro license
Typical team size: 5 seats = $200/month
Variable costs (GrowthBook Cloud):
2 million CDN requests included (≈ pageviews)
20 GB CDN bandwidth included
Overage: $10 per million requests, $1 per GB bandwidth
Self-hosting alternative: you can eliminate CDN costs by
self-hosting GrowthBook
for $11-50/month (depending on your infrastructure choice).
How experimentation costs compare
To understand how GrowthBook experimentation costs compare, Mintminds shares a real-world example from a client with 2.6 million unique users/month and running 5-7 experiments a month. In this example, they are running the GrowthBook JS SDK on Cloudflare pages, which means no limitations on the number of tested visitors for free. Yes, you read it right…for free!
The variable GrowthBook costs are:
6.6 million CDN requests: 6.6 – 2 (first 2 million are free) = 4.6 * $10 = $46
6 GB CDN Bandwidth usage: $ 0 (first 20GB is free)
BigQuery usage cost estimation with daily updates: $300
Fixed GrowthBook Pro costs for a team of 5 members: 5 * $40 = $200
Platform
Monthly Cost
Annual Cost
vs. GrowthBook Optimized
Convert.com Pro
$3,488
$41,856
1,050% more expensive
VWO Pro
$4,308
$51,696
1,320% more expensive
GrowthBook (Unoptimized)
$546
$6,552
80% more expensive
GrowthBook (Optimized)
$303
$3,640
Baseline
With BigQuery costs included, GrowthBook remains dramatically cheaper than traditional alternatives like Convert ($3,500/month) or VWO ($4,300/month) at comparable traffic levels. GrowthBook is already the smart financial choice. With optimization, it becomes unbeatable. Using GrowthBook cuts experimentation costs by 82% versus Convert.com Pro and 93% compared to VWO Pro.
An 82% BigQuery reduction transforms GrowthBook from “very affordable” to an offer you simply can’t refuse.
GA4 structure wastes BigQuery resources
Regardless of hosting choice, BigQuery becomes your primary variable cost when using GA4 as your data source. For companies running active experimentation programs with daily updates, Mintminds finds that unoptimized BigQuery costs can easily reach $200 to $400/month.
The default GrowthBook BigQuery integration queries GA4’s standard events_* and events_intraday_* tables. These tables store event parameters in nested structures, forcing BigQuery to process far more data than necessary.
For example when you’re running experiments with:
5 metrics (1 goal + 1 secondary + 3 guardrails)
3 dimensions for segmentation
Daily (or more frequent) data refreshes
BigQuery has to scan through nested arrays and repeated fields to extract the specific event parameters you need. You’re paying to process gigabytes of data when you only need megabytes of relevant information.
GrowthBook allows
custom fact tables
and metrics to select only relevant events and parameters. This helps, but optimizations plateau quickly because you’re still querying nested GA4 tables.
Enterprise customers get access to:
Advanced fact table query optimization
Data pipelines
(significantly improved in GrowthBook 4.2)
But Pro license users need a different approach.
How to use GA4Dataform's flattened datasets to reduce query costs
At #CH2024 (the conference formerly known as Conversion Hotel), Rudger connected with
Jules Stuifbergen
from
Superform Labs
about this exact challenge. Jules introduced him to GA4Dataform, which offered an elegant solution.
What GA4Dataform does: the core version (free!) creates a customized, flattened dataset optimized for the type of queries that GrowthBook uses.
Feature
Benefit
Fully flattened structure
No nested fields = dramatically faster queries
Smart partitioning and clustering
Restricting queries by date and event names will decrease the number of rows scanned
Smaller data footprint
Less data processed = lower BigQuery costs
Daily automated updates
Fresh data from GA4 events table is appended to the table, using incremental logic
Key insight: Even though you’re creating a new dataset in BigQuery (which feeds from the generic GA4 table), the flattened structure makes it cheaper to generate AND cheaper to query than repeatedly querying GA4’s nested tables.
Bonus benefit: This same optimized dataset can be used for all your other BigQuery reports and dashboards, compounding the savings.
A rigorous A/A experiment to test the setup
Mintminds partnered with
Laura Semeraro
and the team at
The Social Hub
—a hybrid hospitality brand offering hotel rooms, co-living spaces, coworking facilities, and creative playgrounds across Europe—to validate this approach with real data.
"Using GA4Dataform's flattened datasets didn't just reduce GrowthBook costs—it optimized all our BigQuery reports and dashboards."
Laura Semeraro, Digital Analyst at The Social Hub
Implementation steps
1. GA4Dataform setup
– Laura installed GA4Dataform Core (free version). The custom event parameters from GrowthBook were added to the configuration (experiment ID and variation ID). With the daily schedule enabled, GA4Dataform automatically updates the flat events table incrementally.
2. GrowthBook configuration
– Mintminds created a new assignment query (for counting experiment visitors). Built fact tables for key conversion events: Add-to-cart and purchase events.
3. A/A test design
– They ran two identical experiments simultaneously:
Configuration:
Same targeting rules
Same 5 metrics (1 goal, 1 secondary, 3 guardrails)
Same 3 dimensions
The only difference:
Experiment A: default GrowthBook queries (nested GA4 tables)
Experiment B: optimized queries (flattened GA4Dataform dataset)
4. Measurement
– GrowthBook usage is automatically labelled in BigQuery, allowing us to track:
BigQuery costs from Experiment A (old approach)
BigQuery costs from Experiment B (new approach)
BigQuery costs for daily dataset updates
Test duration: 1 week
This gave us an objective, apples-to-apples comparison.
The Social Hub reduced BigQuery costs by 82%
When the results came in, Rudger and his team had to verify the numbers multiple times to ensure accuracy: a whopping 81.8% cost reduction and a massive query speed improvement, too.
By using the GA4Dataform flattened dataset instead of the default GA4 nested tables, they had reduced BigQuery data processing by more than four-fifths.
Benefit
Impact
Update experiment results more frequently
Better SRM and MDE monitoring without budget concerns
Run updates faster
Flattened queries execute in a fraction of the time
Scale experiment volume
The "more you test, less you pay" promise becomes reality
Optimize other analytics
Use the same flattened dataset for all BigQuery dashboards
The compounding effect:
Lower per-experiment costs + faster refresh rates = exponentially better experimentation program ROI.
Enterprise experimentation at a fraction of the cost
This case study demonstrates how to achieve exceptional BigQuery efficiency with GrowthBook. By combining GrowthBook Pro, GA4Dataform Core and Strategic BigQuery optimization, you can build a cost-effective, high-performance experimentation stack that rivals Enterprise setups—at a fraction of the price. The cost reduction Mintminds achieved with The Social Hub isn’t an outlier. It’s the new baseline for GrowthBook implementations.
About our partners
Mintminds
is a
Certified GrowthBook partner
based in the Netherlands. Founded by
Rudger de Groot
, the team assists companies worldwide with hyper-scaling experimentation using GrowthBook.
The Social Hub
is a European hospitality brand that blends traditional hotel stays with a vibrant, community-focused experience. Its unique hybrid model combines premium design-led short and long-stay hotel rooms with student accommodation, coworking spaces, meeting and event facilities, restaurants and bars, 24-hour gyms, and open-to-the-public spaces like rooftops, parks, and cultural venues.
Experiments
AI evals vs. A/B testing: why you need both to ship GenAI
January 20, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Release
Experiments
Featured
true
Body
Most teams building with GenAI are flying blind. They've replaced unit tests with vibes and shipped prompts that "felt right" to three engineers on a Friday afternoon.
This isn't a criticism—it's a diagnosis. For decades, we operated under a
deterministic paradigm
. The contract between developer and machine was explicit:
Input A + Code = Output B
. Always, without fail. In this world, success was binary. A unit test passed or it failed.
Generative AI has shattered this contract. We have moved from deterministic engineering to
probabilistic engineering
. We are no longer building binaries; we are managing stochastic agents that produce a distribution of probable outputs. You cannot
assert(x == y)
when
x
and
y
can change every time.
Gian Segato (Anthropic) eloquently sums up this shift: “We are no longer guaranteed what
x
is going to be, and we're no longer certain about the output
y
either, because it's now drawn from a distribution…. Stop for a moment to realize what this means. When building on top of this technology, our products can now succeed in ways we’ve never even imagined, and fail in ways we never intended” (
Building AI Products In The Probabilistic Era
).
As seismic as this shift may be, we’re focusing on a single aspect of it here: the shift from the domain of
verification
(is it correct?) to the domain of
validation
(is it good?).
This shift has left teams scrambling to define quality. Many have fallen into the trap of thinking AI Evaluations (Evals) are a replacement for A/B testing. They aren't.
And, for those in a hurry, here’s the point:
AI Evals
check for competence—
can the model do the job?
A/B testing
checks for
value
—
do users care?
You cannot ship a good AI product without both AI Evals and A/B testing.
The limits of vibe checking
In the early days of the LLM boom, “Prompt Engineering” was largely a feeling-based art. Devs would tweak a prompt, run it three times, read the output, and decide if it “felt” better.
This manual inspection, vibe checking, leverages human intuition, which is great for nuance but terrible for scale.
Vibe checking suffers from three critical flaws:
Sample size:
You might test 5 inputs. Production brings 50k edge cases.
Regression invisibility:
Making a prompt “polite” might accidentally break its ability to output valid JSON. You won’t feel that until the API breaks.
Subjectivity:
One engineer’s “concise” is another’s “curt.”
As ML Systems Researcher,
Shreya Shankar notes
, “You can’t vibe check your way to understanding what’s going on.” Manual inspection is mathematically insufficient for understanding probabilistic systems at scale.
To solve this, the industry turned to
AI Evals
.
💡 For an excellent intro to AI Evals, check out
Shreya Shankar and Hamal Husain on Lenny’s Podcast
.
What are AI evals?
AI evaluations are an attempt to systematize the vibe check — turning qualitative judgment into quantitative metrics. They're a way to programmatically test the probabilistic parts of your application: prompts, models, and parameters.
But the term "Eval" is overloaded. When someone says "we're running evals," they might mean any of three things.
3 types of AI evals and why they matter
Model evals
Model evals are benchmarks like MMLU or HumanEval. They're useful for choosing a provider (GPT-5 vs. Claude Opus 4.5), but they tell you almost nothing about your specific application. A model might ace GSM8K (math reasoning) and still be a terrible customer service agent. Worse, these public benchmarks are increasingly contaminated—models have seen the test questions during training, inflating scores that don't transfer to novel problems. (We wrote a whole article about why “
The Benchmarks Are Lying To You
.”)
System evals
System evals are what matter most. These test your end-to-end pipeline: prompt + RAG retrieval + model. The key metrics here are things like hallucination rate, faithfulness (does the answer stick to the retrieved context?), and relevance.
Many teams now use
LLM-as-Judge
— a strong model grading outputs on subjective criteria like tone, helpfulness, and coherence. It scales better than human review, but inherits the same limitation: it measures whether an answer
seems
good, not whether users
act
on it.
Guardrails
Guardrails are real-time safety checks—toxicity filters, PII detection, jailbreak prevention. Important, but a different concern than quality.
All three share a critical constraint: they measure
competence
, not
value
. Whether you run evals offline in your CI/CD pipeline against a curated "Golden Dataset," or online against live traffic in shadow mode, you're still asking the same question:
Can this model do the job?
Some evals do capture preference — human ratings, side-by-side comparisons, thumbs up/down. But these are still proxies. A user clicking "thumbs up" in a sandbox isn't the same as a user returning to your product tomorrow. Evals measure
stated
preference; A/B tests measure
revealed
preference through behavior.
What evals can't tell you is whether users will care enough to stick around.
Where evals fall short
Even within the realm of evals, a model that looks good in controlled conditions can fall apart in production.
The
DoorDash engineering team
documented this problem in detail. They built a new ad-ranking model that performed well in testing—but when deployed to real users, its accuracy dropped by 4.3%. The culprit? Their test data was
too clean
. The model had been trained under the assumption that it would always have fresh, up-to-date information about users. But in the real world, that data was often hours or days old due to system delays. The model had been optimized for conditions that didn't exist in production.
This principle applies even more to LLM applications. LLMs are sensitive to prompt phrasing, context length, and retrieval quality—all of which behave differently in production than in curated test sets.
Consider a concrete example: you optimize a customer service prompt for
faithfulness
—it sticks strictly to your knowledge base and never hallucinates. Evals look great. But in production, users find the responses robotic and impersonal. Satisfaction drops. You optimized for accuracy; they wanted empathy.
This is the core limitation of evals: they measure capability, not value. Even when you run evals against live traffic, you're testing whether the model
can
do something—not whether that something
matters
to users.
Why you should use A/B testing with your AI evals
If evals are the unit test, A/B testing is the integration test with reality. It’s the only way to measure what actually matters: downstream business impact like retention, revenue, conversion, engagement, and user satisfaction.
But running A/B tests on LLMs introduces challenges that didn't exist in traditional web experimentation. (For an introduction to the topic, see our
practical guide to A/B testing AI
.)
Challenges of running A/B tests on AI
The latency confound
Intelligence usually costs speed. If you test a fast, simple model against a smart, slow one and the variant loses — why? Was the answer worse or did users just hate waiting three seconds?
Isolating "intelligence" as a variable often requires artificial latency injection: intentionally slowing the control to match the variant. Only then can you measure what you think you're measuring.
High variance
LLMs are non-deterministic. Two users in the same variant might see meaningfully different responses. This noise demands larger sample sizes and longer test durations to reach statistical significance.
A button-color test might reach significance in a few thousand sessions. An LLM prompt test — where output variance is high and effect sizes are often small — might need 10x that, or weeks of runtime, to detect a meaningful difference.
Choosing the right metric
Choosing the right metric is harder for AI features than for traditional UI changes. A chatbot might increase engagement (users ask more questions) while decreasing efficiency (they take longer to get answers). Align your success metric with actual business value, not just surface activity.
These realities create a tension. A/B testing AI gives you certainty, but certainty takes time. If you have twenty prompts to evaluate, a traditional A/B test could take months. And during those months, a significant portion of your users are experiencing inferior variants.
Enter multi-armed bandits
For prompt optimization, where iterations are cheap and the cost of a suboptimal variant is low,
multi-armed bandits
offer a different trade-off. Instead of fixed traffic allocation, they dynamically shift users toward winning variants as data accumulates. You sacrifice some statistical rigor for speed and reduced regret.
🎰
Check out our deep-dive on how they work in GrowthBook.
Comparing A/B testing to multi-armed bandits
Feature
A/B Testing
Multi-Armed Bandits
Primary goal
Knowledge. Determine with statistical certainty if B is better than A
Reward. Maximize total conversions during the experiment
Traffic allocation
Fixed for the duration
Dynamic. Automatically shifts traffic to the winner
Best use case
Major model launches, pricing, UI changes
Prompt optimization, headline testing
Bandits aren't a replacement for A/B testing. They're a complement — best suited for rapid iteration loops where you're optimizing within a validated direction, not making major strategic bets.
How to use AI evals and A/B testing together
Infographic showing the four-stage LLMOps pipeline: offline evals, shadow mode, safe rollout, and A/B test
At GrowthBook, we see the highest-performing teams treating evals and experimentation not as separate islands, but as a continuous pipeline—each stage filtering out risk with progressively more expensive (but more accurate) methods.
Using AI evals and A/B testing together in practice
Stage 1: the offline filter (CI/CD)
A developer creates a new prompt branch. The CI/CD pipeline automatically runs evals against the Golden Dataset. If faithfulness drops below 90% or latency exceeds the threshold, the build fails. Bad ideas die here, costing pennies in API credits rather than user trust.
Stage 2: shadow mode (production, silent)
The prompt passes offline evals and gets deployed—but users never see it. The new model processes live traffic silently, logging predictions without surfacing them.
This is an online evaluation: you're still measuring competence (latency, accuracy, edge case handling), but now against real-world conditions.
DoorDash's 4% accuracy gap
between testing and production is exactly the kind of discrepancy shadow mode is designed to surface—before users experience the degraded results.
Stage 3: safe rollout
Shadow mode passes. Feature flags gradually release the new model to users. You're monitoring guardrail metrics: error rates, refusal spikes, support tickets. If something tanks, you flip the flag and revert instantly—no code rollback required.
🦺 Use GrowthBook's
Safe Rollouts
to monitor guardrail metrics and rollback automatically.
Stage 4: the A/B test (causal proof)
The rollout survives. Now you run the real experiment: new model vs. baseline, measured on business metrics. Not "faithfulness" but retention. Not "relevance" but conversion. This is the only stage that proves value.
Conclusion: AI evals plus A/B testing for GenAI
You cannot A/B test a broken model. It’s reckless. And you cannot Eval your way to product-market fit. It’s guesswork.
To ship generative AI that's both safe and profitable, you need both: rigorous evals to ensure competence, and robust A/B testing to prove value. The pipeline between them—shadow mode, safe rollouts—is how you get from one to the other without breaking things.
As Segato warned, our products can now fail in ways we never intended. This pipeline is how we catch those failures before users do.
We've moved from
is it correct?
to
is it good?
Evals answer the first question. A/B tests answer the second. You need both.
Frequently asked questions
Can AI Evals replace A/B testing?
No. AI Evals and A/B testing serve different purposes in the development lifecycle. Evals measure competence—accuracy, safety, tone—whether run offline or online. A/B testing measures business value through revealed user behavior: retention, revenue, conversion. Evals tell you the model works; A/B tests tell you it's worth shipping.
What is the difference between Offline and Online Evaluation?
Offline evaluation happens pre-deployment using a static Golden Dataset to check for regressions and quality. Online evaluation happens in production using live traffic (e.g., shadow mode). Both measure competence, but online evaluation catches issues—like feature staleness or latency spikes—that don't appear in controlled conditions.
How do you handle latency when A/B testing LLMs?
Latency is a major confounding variable because "smarter" models are often slower. If a slower model performs worse, it's unclear if users disliked the answer or the wait time. To fix this, engineers use Artificial Latency Injection—intentionally slowing down the control group to match the variant's response time, isolating "intelligence" as the single variable.
What is "Vibe Checking" in AI development?
"Vibe checking" is the informal process of manually inspecting a few model outputs to see if they "feel" right. While useful for early exploration, it is unscalable and statistically flawed for production systems because it fails to account for edge cases, regressions, or large-scale user preferences.
When should I use a Multi-Armed Bandit instead of an A/B test?
Use a Multi-Armed Bandit when your goal is optimization (maximizing reward) rather than knowledge (statistical significance). MABs are ideal for testing prompt variations or content recommendations because they automatically route traffic to the winning variation, minimizing regret. Use A/B tests for major architectural changes or risky launches where you need certainty.
What is the best way to deploy AI models safely?
Use a staged pipeline. Start with offline evals in CI/CD to catch regressions. Then use shadow mode to test against live traffic silently. Next, use feature flags to release to a small percentage of users while monitoring guardrails. Finally, run a full A/B test to measure business impact. Each stage filters out risk before exposing users to problems.
What is LLM-as-Judge?
LLM-as-Judge is an evaluation technique where a strong model (like GPT-4 or Claude) grades the outputs of your system on subjective criteria such as tone, helpfulness, and coherence. It scales better than human review but shares the same limitation as other evals: it measures whether an answer seems good, not whether users will act on it.
What is the difference between stated and revealed preference in AI evaluation?
Stated preference is what users say they like—thumbs up ratings, side-by-side comparisons in a sandbox. Revealed preference is what users actually do—returning to your product, completing tasks, converting. Evals capture stated preference; A/B tests capture revealed preference. The two often diverge.
Experiments
Dark patterns in A/B testing: how short-term optimization leads to product enshittification
January 12, 2026
Topics
Experiments
Release
Experiments
Featured
true
Body
Why optimizing for short-term A/B test wins can degrade user trust and product quality. A look at common dark patterns in experimentation, why they “work,” and how better metrics can help teams build products that create real long-term value.
A post supposedly from a software engineer at a meal delivery company went
viral recently
. It accused the unnamed company of unscrupulously manipulating pricing, fees, and salaries to increase revenue. One of the things they did was to run an A/B test on a “Priority delivery” fee. According to the post, there were no product changes to make delivery faster, but instead, they delayed regular deliveries.
“We actually ran an A/B test last year where we didn't speed up the priority orders, we just purposefully delayed non-priority orders by 5 to 10 minutes to make the Priority ones "feel" faster by comparison. Management loved the results. We generated millions in pure profit just by making the standard service worse, not by making the premium service better.” (Source: Reddit)
While there are some questions about the veracity of this post, such dark patterns in A/B testing and product development are absolutely being done. And this raises an important question about the ethics of using these techniques in experimentation.
What are dark patterns?
Dark patterns are product design or implementation choices that deliberately nudge, coerce, or mislead users into behaviors that primarily benefit the company. They often come at the expense of the user’s understanding or long-term satisfaction.
For a comprehensive taxonomy, see
deceptive.design
, which catalogs these patterns in detail.
How are dark patterns used in A/B testing?
In the context of
A/B testing
, dark patterns typically appear when experiments are optimized narrowly for short-term business metrics, such as a conversion rate, without regard for whether the underlying change actually improves the product. Often they are introduced as a response to an organization’s goal metric that fails to capture the complete picture (see
Goodhart’s Law and the dangers of metric selection
).
Common dark patterns used in experiments
Artificial degradation
: Making a baseline experience worse (for example, slowing delivery times as above or adding friction) so that a paid tier or alternative appears more attractive.
Obscured choice
: Designing UI variants that make it harder to opt out, cancel, or choose a lower-cost option, then validating them via A/B tests that show higher revenue.
Price obfuscation
: Experimenting with fees, surcharges, or defaults in ways that users only discover late in the funnel.
Emotional manipulation
: Leveraging urgency, guilt, or fear (“Only 2 left!”, “People like you choose…”) to drive behavior, then justifying it with statistically significant lifts.
A/B testing itself is not the problem. The problem is using experimentation as a shield: “the data says it works” becomes a way to avoid asking whether the outcome is aligned with user value or long-term trust. It hides the real question of whether we should do this at all.
Short-term wins, long-term costs of unethical experimentation
Dark patterns can look good in the short term. They are engineered to do so. Revenue goes up, conversion improves, and dashboards turn green. These tactics exploit goodwill with your current user base and long-term measurement blind spots, creating lifts that are easy to recognize immediately. The costs, however, tend to be delayed and externalized.
Dark patterns in A/B testing introduce several long-term risks for organizations.
Reputational risk
Users are not irrational. They may not always articulate why they are unhappy, but they notice when a product feels hostile, manipulative, or nickel-and-dime driven. Trust erodes quietly and then suddenly. When stories like the viral post above surface (whether accurate or not), they resonate precisely because users already suspect this behavior.
Legislative and regulatory risk
Many dark patterns operate in gray areas that are increasingly of interest to regulators. Fee transparency, deceptive defaults, and coercive UX are now explicitly called out in regulations in multiple jurisdictions (see the EU’s Digital Services Act (DSA) and the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA)). An A/B test that boosts revenue today can become legal exposure tomorrow, complete with internal documentation showing intent.
Internal and cultural risk
Engineers, designers, and PMs generally want to build products that help people. When teams are repeatedly asked to ship features that intentionally worsen user experience, morale suffers. The best people notice. Over time, this can lead to disengagement or attrition, especially among senior contributors who have other options.
Risk from competition
Applying dark patterns that don’t improve the product opens the door, in the long term, for competitors to build a better product and put your company at risk.
In other words, dark patterns trade long-term value for short-term gains.
Practical solutions to avoid dark patterns in experimentation
There are some practical ways to help reduce these risks and avoid the enshittification of products. Chief among these are adopting value principles and establishing ethics committees.
Value principles, like Google’s “Don’t be evil”, are frequently treated as aspirational marketing artifacts rather than operational constraints. Many tend to be vague or non-actionable and open to interpretation, which provides no meaningful protection against dark patterns. Finally, even if they are actionable and adopted as policy, they can come into tension with other incentives at the company, such as bonuses or career progression. Google, after all, ditched “Don’t be evil” in 2018.
Ethics committees are used at some larger companies to ensure consistent application of company values. However, they can face the same issues as the values above, particularly if the company is facing financial pressure; the ethics team can be high on the
list of cuts
.
The most practical way to avoid dark patterns is not an ethics committee or a vague principle statement;
it is using the right metrics.
If you only measure immediate revenue or conversion, you will eventually design experiments that extract value rather than create it. To counteract this, teams need to deliberately include metrics that reflect longer-term outcomes.
Example experimentation metrics to use to avoid dark pattern behavior
Retention
Repeat usage
Complaint rates
Refunds
Customer support contacts
Brand sentiment
Qualitative feedback
Not all of these can be perfectly measured- or measured at all (like the likelihood or cost of losing key employees). In the real world, the data will never be perfect. Good product judgment will still be required, as there will always be uncertainty. An experiment that produces a short-term lift but could be seen to damage trust should be treated with skepticism, even if the lift is excellent.
When experimentation leads to a better product
Ultimately, the goal of
experimentation
is not to prove that you can move a number. It is to learn how to make something people genuinely want. A/B testing is a powerful tool in the service of that goal, but the further you drift from it, the more your “wins” become signals of underlying enshittification rather than progress. Make sure your metrics reflect your real goals as much as possible.
In the long run, the most effective optimization strategy remains the simplest: make the product better.
Compare
The Best A/B Testing Platforms of 2026: Features, Comparisons, and Expert Recommendations
January 4, 2026
Topics
Compare
Release
Compare
Featured
false
Body
Imagine making every product decision with data, powered by the best
A/B testing platforms
of 2026. These tools have become essential for businesses hungry to innovate faster and build with confidence. This new generation of tools prioritizes performance, flexibility, and organization-wide applicability, ushering in a paradigm known as
experimentation-driven development
. No longer confined to marketing departments,
A/B testing
is now a cornerstone for entire
product teams
.
In this guide, we’ll explore key platforms, focusing on their strengths, limitations, and suitability for different needs. By the end, you’ll have a clearer understanding of which platform is right for your organization.
Modern A/B testing platforms: innovating for today's needs
GrowthBook: experimentation-driven development at its best
We built GrowthBook to be the tool we always wished we had—one that balances developer-friendly workflows with robust experimentation capabilities. We excel in flexibility, scalability, and developer-friendly features, and we seamlessly integrate
feature flagging
and
A/B testing
to deliver unmatched usability and precision. Picture your team quickly toggling features while running precise experiments—all within a platform that feels like it was designed just for developers. Here's where GrowthBook is unique:
Warehouse-native integration
: GrowthBook integrates directly with your
existing data warehouse
, ensuring low-latency experiment evaluations and reliable metrics.
Open-source and self-hosting options
: Ideal for industries with stringent compliance and data sovereignty requirements, like
fintech
and
healthtech
, GrowthBook’s open-source nature empowers teams to self-host if needed.
Developer-first approach
:
Robust SDKs
,
CI/CD
compatibility, and transparent SQL insights allow
engineering
and
data teams
to fine-tune experiments with precision.
Seamless integration
: GrowthBook easily fits into existing workflows, leveraging tools you already use to maximize ROI.
With a focus on unlocking experimentation-driven product development, we're the trusted choice for teams aiming to scale innovation while maintaining performance.
Statsig: all-in-one simplicity with limits
Statsig
provides A/B testing, feature flagging, and session recording in a unified platform. While it’s sufficient for teams seeking a simple, all-in-one solution, its statistical methods, while including features like CUPED, may not be as robust as those offered by platforms specifically designed for data scientists. For example, it lacks flexibility in supporting different types of experiments, such as those with very large or very small user bases. The platform’s rising costs, especially when scaling beyond the initial 5 million events included in the Pro plan, make it less appealing. Additionally, its limitations in integrating with data warehouses may not meet the needs of organizations with sophisticated data practices
Datadog Experiments: statistical precision for data-driven teams
Datadog Experiments (formerly Eppo)
shines in its statistical depth, offering precise and actionable experiment results. Its warehouse-native architecture aligns with organizations that prioritize high-quality experimentation. However, Datadog Experiments' feature flagging functionality, while supporting core features such as feature gates and rollouts, may not be as comprehensive as some competitors'. For example, it may lack advanced features like user segmentation or real-time monitoring found in more mature platforms. For data-driven organizations primarily focused on experimentation, Datadog Experiments provides an excellent foundation. However, teams seeking a broader feature flagging toolset with more advanced capabilities may need to consider alternatives.
Legacy A/B testing platforms: struggling to keep up
LaunchDarkly: feature management first, experimentation second
LaunchDarkly
excels in feature flagging but treats A/B testing as an afterthought. This lack of integration can lead to a clunky user experience, making it less suitable for teams aiming for seamless experimentation workflows.
Optimizely: high costs, fragmented experience
Once a market leader, Optimizely now faces challenges with its high pricing and fragmented user experience. While its A/B testing capabilities remain robust, the platform’s cost makes it viable only for large enterprises.
Compared to Optimizely
, GrowthBook reduces both cost and complexity.
Adobe Target: limited flexibility in a closed ecosystem
Adobe Target is tightly integrated into Adobe’s ecosystem, making it a logical choice for existing Adobe customers. However, its high costs and lack of flexibility make it less appealing for agile teams seeking modern experimentation workflows.
GrowthBook is a clear alternative to Adobe Target
, with warehouse-native analytics.
Other A/B testing platforms: niche capabilities
PostHog: lightweight analytics with basic experimentation
PostHog focuses on product analytics and offers basic experimentation features. While its open-core model appeals to startups, the platform’s limited self-hosting capabilities and lightweight experimentation tools make it less suitable for teams with advanced needs. For advanced experimentation and robust feature flags, consider
GrowthBook compared to PostHog
.
VWO: conversion optimization for marketing teams
VWO is a web experimentation and CRO platform built for marketing teams at SMB companies, with a visual editor and client-side A/B testing as its core offering. It's accessible for non-technical users but becomes limiting quickly — full-stack and server-side experimentation are difficult to operationalize, and pricing makes it up to 5x more expensive than GrowthBook as usage grows. For developer-led product teams,
GrowthBook is a more capable alternative to VWO
.
AB Tasty: client-side testing for conversion-focused teams
AB Tasty is a conversion optimization platform aimed at marketing teams running A/B and multivariate tests on web and mobile. Feature flagging is not a core capability, there's no warehouse-native option, and pricing is custom with add-ons that increase as requirements grow — making it harder to scale for product and engineering teams. Teams that need full-stack experimentation and robust feature flags will find
GrowthBook a stronger alternative to AB Tasty
.
Choosing the right A/B testing platform in 2026
When choosing an A/B testing platform, think about what matters most to your organization. Are you looking for scalability, compliance, or seamless integration with your current tools? Matching these priorities with the right platform can make all the difference.
For advanced experimentation workflows:
GrowthBook delivers unmatched flexibility, scalability, and developer-first features.
For data teams:
Datadog Experiments offers statistical rigor and warehouse-native integration but falls short with limited feature flagging capabilities, making it less ideal for teams needing a comprehensive solution.
For all-in-one solutions:
Statsig provides simplicity but may not scale with advanced needs.
For feature flagging-first teams:
LaunchDarkly suffices but lacks depth in experimentation.
For legacy ecosystem users:
Optimizely and Adobe Target remain options, albeit costly and limited in flexibility.
For marketing and CRO teams:
VWO and AB Tasty are accessible for non-technical teams running client-side conversion tests, but both become limiting and expensive as product and engineering requirements grow.
For lightweight needs:
PostHog provides budget-friendly analytics-driven tools for smaller teams.
Conclusion
Innovation thrives on experimentation—it’s how teams transform ideas into measurable success. Choosing the right
A/B testing platform
can accelerate your ability to iterate, scale, and innovate. GrowthBook’s modular design makes it perfect for organizations aiming to scale. Imagine starting with basic experiments and effortlessly expanding into enterprise-grade workflows—it’s a platform built to evolve with your team’s needs. Whether you’re prioritizing compliance, advanced experimentation, or seamless developer integration, GrowthBook’s strengths make it the clear leader in the 2026 A/B testing platform landscape.
‍
Want to compare more A/B testing platforms?
We've put together a few additional A/B testing platform guides to help you find the right tool for your business:
Best Warehouse Native A/B Testing Tools
Best A/B Testing Tools for Developers
Best A/B Testing tools with Product Analytics
Ready to scale your experiments?
Get started
with GrowthBook for free today.
‍
Experiments
Platform
7 steps to better experiment design
December 22, 2025
Topics
Experiments
Platform
Release
Experiments
Platform
Featured
true
Body
A practical checklist for running A/B tests you can trust
From predictive model accuracy at
Facebook
and experiment design at
X
(formerly Twitter), to building the best
experimentation
platform used by Dropbox, Sony and Upstart with
GrowthBook
, I've spent the last six years shaping how some of the largest tech companies measure success and ship features.
Across companies, industries, and scales, I’ve seen the same pattern repeat: experimentation rarely fails because teams don’t understand A/B testing mechanics. It fails because experiments are poorly designed—unclear goals, misaligned metrics, weak baselines, flawed randomization, or decisions made without a plan for ambiguous results.
The teams that get the most value from experimentation aren’t running more tests. They’re running
better ones
. They’re deliberate about what they’re trying to learn and disciplined about how results turn into decisions.
This article distills the
most reliable experiment design practices I’ve learned from years of work in the field
. If you already know how A/B testing works and want results you can trust—and act on—these seven steps are a strong place to start.
(For a deeper technical walkthrough, see GrowthBook’s
Experimentation Best Practices
)
1. Define the goal clearly
Every experiment should answer a specific question.
Start by writing down the problem you’re trying to solve in plain language. Is it activation? Retention? Conversion efficiency?
A good test of clarity is whether you can write a concrete hypothesis, such as:
“Users who complete the new onboarding flow will reach the activation milestone 10% more often than users in the existing flow.”
Clear goals prevent experiments from drifting into vague “did anything change?” territory.
In practice:
Teams at
Dropbox
use tightly framed hypotheses to avoid shipping changes that move surface-level engagement but fail to improve long-term collaboration or retention.
2. Choose the right success metrics
Once the goal is clear, metrics follow.
Every experiment should have:
One primary metric
that defines success
A set of secondary metrics
for context
Guardrail metrics
to catch unintended harm
Focusing on too many metrics creates confusion. Tracking too few hides important tradeoffs—especially when multiple metrics are evaluated simultaneously (see GrowthBook’s guidance on
multiple testing corrections
).
Use your secondary metrics to improve your understanding of what drives your primary metric. They also help you check-in periodically with your primary metric, ensuring it is well-defined and driving you towards your business goals.
Teams at
Khan Academy
use experimentation to iterate on learning experiences while remaining deeply thoughtful about how success is measured in an educational context.
3. Know your baseline
You can’t interpret change without knowing where you started.
Before launching an experiment:
Understand current performance
Measure normal variance
Calibrate expectations for realistic lift
A change from 4% to 5% conversion is only meaningful if you know how stable 4% really is.
In practice:
One GrowthBook customer—a large European marketplace—moved away from before-and-after analysis after realizing they couldn’t separate real lift from seasonality. Establishing proper baselines made results interpretable and decisions easier.
4. Understand leading vs. lagging indicators
Not all metrics respond at the same speed.
Leading indicators
provide fast feedback and are often better suited for short-term experiments.
Lagging indicators
validate long-term impact and strategic alignment.
High-performing teams use both, but they’re intentional about which metric actually determines success.
Optimizing only for lagging indicators slows learning. Ignoring them risks local optimization.
5. Define the experiment population and randomization strategy
Decide who should be included in the experiment—and exclude everyone else.
Best practices include:
Randomizing users as close to the experience as possible
Ensuring assignment persists across sessions
Using a true control group
Keeping designs simple when traffic is limited
If you don’t have enough users, avoid multi-variant tests.
In practice:
One GrowthBook customer, a major European retailer, was running underpowered tests. They moved from partial traffic to testing on 100% of visitors—dramatically reducing time to confidence and revealing insights that challenged long-held assumptions.
If you’re using feature flags to control exposure, GrowthBook’s approach to
running experiments with feature flags
is designed specifically for this kind of setup.
6. Validate your setup before you trust results
You can’t analyze what you can’t connect.
Before launching real experiments, confirm that:
Exposure data joins cleanly with outcome data
Identifiers are consistent
Metrics are computed correctly
Then run an
A/A test
—two identical variants with no visible change.
In practice:
Teams operating at scale use A/A tests to catch instrumentation and analysis issues early. If multiple uncorrelated metrics “win” in a no-change test, or multiple A/A tests fail with clear issues, something is broken. GrowthBook strongly recommends this as a validation step (
A/A testing documentation
).
7. Decide how long to run the experiment
Ending experiments early increases
false positives
. Letting them run forever slows learning.
Plan duration in advance based on:
Expected variance
Minimum detectable effect
Available traffic
If you need flexibility, approaches like
sequential testing
can help—but only if you understand the tradeoffs.
Bonus: plan for all outcomes
Only
10–30% of experiments produce a clear winner
. That’s normal.
High-performing teams plan for this reality
before
launching:
Low-cost features may ship on directional evidence
High-cost features require stronger confidence
Neutral results still generate valuable learning
Experiments aren’t always about maximizing win rates. In some cases, they prevent huge losses. In other cases, their primary value is learning about user behavior.
Final thought
Experimentation isn’t about proving you’re right. It’s about discovering what’s true.
Every experiment—even a neutral one—teaches you something about your users and your assumptions. Teams that stay curious, document learnings, and iterate deliberately are the ones that compound results over time.
That’s what turns experimentation into a real competitive advantage.
FAQ: experimentation & A/B testing in practice
How do you decide whether an A/B test result is actionable?
When the results all point to the same decision, even when accounting for uncertainty. If you would ship even if the results were at the bottom end of the
confidence intervals
and you've collected a reasonable amount of data, ship!
Why are so many A/B test results inconclusive?
Because most product changes simply don’t meaningfully change behavior. Neutral results often reveal what users don’t care about, guiding better future experiments.
How long should an experiment run?
Long enough to reach sufficient statistical power—not until a metric looks good.
When should you ship a result that isn’t statistically significant?
For low-risk, low-cost changes with stable guardrails. High-risk features need stronger confidence.
What’s the biggest mistake teams make with experimentation?
Treating experimentation as validation instead of learning.
Releases
4.2
Product Updates
Announcing GrowthBook 4.2: product analytics & experimentation at scale
November 11, 2025
Topics
Releases
4.2
Product Updates
Release
Releases
4.2
Product Updates
Featured
true
Body
At GrowthBook, our mission is to provide the insights you need to build better products that grow your business faster. With GrowthBook 4.2, we’ve added a beta version of GrowthBook
Product Analytics
.
Now our users will have a single integrated platform for feature management, experimentation, and product analytics.
In addition, we’ve continued to enhance the developer experience, making
experimentation at scale
and integration into any stack easier than ever. Finally, for companies seeking an alternative to Statsig, our
Statsig to GrowthBook Migration Kit
automates importing feature gates and dynamic configs while replacing Statsig SDKs with GrowthBook SDKs.
Release 4.2 is available immediately to both our cloud and self-hosted users. Visit our
Pricing page
for details about Starter, Pro, and Enterprise options.
GrowthBook product analytics (beta)
Adding
Product Analytics
to the GrowthBook platform closes the loop for development. Now, you can go from feature management to experimentation to product analytics in a single tool. While in beta, Product Analytics will be available to all users.
Turn your warehouse data and metrics into actionable product insights. Explore user behavior, share dashboards, and make smarter decisions about what to build next. With Product Analytics, you will be able to:
Build and share dashboards that combine graphs, pivot tables, and text
Create custom charts and tables from any data in your warehouse
Use GrowthBook SQL Explorer with our AI-powered text-to-SQL capabilities to query, aggregate, and group data
Access any metric defined in GrowthBook and track its performance over time
Build charts with any data in your warehouse using SQL Explorer
Analyze any metrics defined in GrowthBook
Slice and dice data with flexible pivot tables
This Product Analytics beta provides a glimpse of what’s to come as GrowthBook develops more self-service tools for building, analyzing, and exploring all of your product data. Let us know what you think in our
Slack community
!
Statsig to GrowthBook migration kit
With the OpenAI acquisition of Statsig, we saw a spike in interest in GrowthBook. Product teams looking for alternatives expressed concern about what would happen to their data. Others worried that the product might be discontinued or deprioritized. To make the transition from the acquired platform to an
open-source alternative
as effortless as possible, we created the
Statsig to GrowthBook Migration Kit
, free for all users.
Statsig Importer
instantly copies over feature gates, dynamic configs, and segments.
Statsig Code Migration Tool
(powered by Claude Code) automatically replaces Statsig SDKs with GrowthBook SDKs.
Enterprise enhancements
The 4.2 features below continue our investment in the developer experience that makes GrowthBook a top choice for product development teams with high volume apps and advanced experimentation programs.
Metric slices: simplify experiment design
When users create experiments, they often want to look at a number of metrics across common dimensions like product categories or device types. This can lead to the need to manage a number of metrics.
Metric slices
solves this problem. Enable auto slices on a Fact Metric once, and GrowthBook automatically generates drill-down analyses for each dimension value across all experiments using that metric.
View revenue per user metric by product category
Instead of creating separate “Orders” metrics for each product category or device type, you can enable
Auto Slices
on those columns with a single metric which means fewer redundant metrics, faster setup, and cleaner reporting.
Incremental refresh
We revamped our
Data Pipeline Mode
to lower query costs and improve performance for long-running experiments and high-traffic apps. By storing intermediate results and incrementally refreshing them, we’ve seen users save up to
85% in query costs
. This first version is available on BigQuery, Presto, and Trino. We’ll be adding support for more data warehouses based on customer demand.
Official metrics
Many organizations rely on a trusted set of “
official” metrics
. GrowthBook now makes these easier to manage by letting admins mark and edit official metrics directly from the UI (previously API-only). This helps standardize measurement, reduce confusion, and promote consistency across teams.
New SQL template variables
You can now access custom field values and phase data directly in your metric and experiment SQL, unlocking several use cases:
Fine-tuned query optimization using non-date partition keys
Reuse of SQL definitions with minor tweaks per experiment
More accurate joins between experiment exposure and phase data
Custom validation hooks
GrowthBook has always been flexible — and now it’s even more so.
Self-hosted enterprise users
can write custom JavaScript validation hooks that run in secure V8 isolates. Use them to:
Require tags on feature flags
Prevent targeting rules containing PII
Enforce naming conventions or internal policies
These hooks let teams automate governance without slowing down development.
Edge remote eval
Edge Remote Eval lets client-side SDKs offload feature flag evaluation to a backend server, preventing targeting logic from leaking to users. Previously, this required managing your own GrowthBook proxy servers. Now, you can deploy a
Cloudflare Workers–based Remote Eval server
— a fast, low-cost, zero-maintenance alternative built on Cloudflare’s global infrastructure.
Quality-of-life improvements
Big thanks to all of our users who reported bugs, shared feedback, and contributed ideas to this release on
GitHub
or
Slack
.
Many small improvements add up to a big boost in usability:
Faster and more relevant search algorithm for features, metrics, and experiments
Create feature rules in multiple environments at once
Better column-type detection for BigQuery Fact Tables
Add metric row filters based on Boolean columns
Reduced webhook noise (no more notifications for unpublished drafts)
Slack and Discord notifications now include more detailed change info
Custom pre-launch checklist items can be scoped to specific projects
Faster database schema browsing, even with hundreds of tables
New setting to disable legacy metrics for smoother transition to Fact Tables
Sortable experiment results tables — quickly see top or bottom performers
Plus dozens of smaller fixes and performance improvements.
2025: A year of rapid innovation
The 4.2 release is GrowthBook’s sixth major update in 2025, capping off what has easily been the biggest year of innovation in our company’s history. GrowthBook launched over
45 new features
across four major themes in 2025:
Experimentation at Scale:
New metrics, templates, dashboards, and analytics
Feature Management:
Safe rollouts
and feature analytics
Artificial Intelligence:
A new MCP server and embedded AI capabilities
Developer Experience:
Managed data warehouse, native Vercel integration, 24+ updated SDKs, enhanced server-side rendering, and support for new CMSs and FerretDB
Whether you’re on the Starter plan ready for more advanced experimentation and analytics or a Pro user building a culture of experimentation, we’re ready to
help you grow
. We’re excited to see what you build — and how you use these new tools to learn faster.
News
7,000 GitHub stars and counting
October 30, 2025
Topics
News
Release
News
Featured
false
Body
Thank you for making GrowthBook the world’s largest open-source experimentation platform
GrowthBook passed 7,000 stars on
GitHub
this month thanks to you. Your support confirms our commitment to experimentation-led development and open-source transparency. We see you testing every day in the
100 billion+ feature flag lookups
we handle, and the
thousands of organizations
actively using GrowthBook each month.
To celebrate this milestone, let’s look back on how we’ve grown and ahead to where we’re going. Our goal is to help you go faster at scale. Let’s see how we do it.
GrowthBook growth metrics showing 100 billion+ feature flag lookups
What’s new with GrowthBook in 2025?
GrowthBook released more than 45 new features in our cloud and self-hosted experimentation platform in 4 key areas: data exploration, developer experience, advanced experimentation, and improving the experiment lifecycle with AI. As an engineering-first company, we believe that experiments should be easy and cheap to run so you can learn constantly.
Better data exploration
What good is an experiment if you can’t easily analyze the results? GrowthBook provides full transparency by exposing the
underlying SQL for your experiments
. But we know you wanted more ways to explore your data, debug issues, and create custom reports and visualizations without the context switching. Now you can explore your data and build custom dashboards.
Complexity happens fast when it comes to data analysis across teams and departments.
Metric slices
give everyone flexibility without complexity. For example, instead of separate revenue metrics for each product type, you can use metric slices to automatically generate distinct revenue metrics for each product type (such as “apparel” or “equipment”). Teams benefit from more granular and relevant analysis without duplicating definitions. Everyone stays on the same page.
Accelerating experimentation culture
Why do so many engineering teams build their own experimentation platforms? So they get exactly what they want. GrowthBook helps teams migrate from homegrown to an experimentation culture by giving developers what they want with control. Customizable dashboards and frameworks help more teams run more experiments faster and learn from the results.
That’s why we developed
experiment dashboards
. Developers, data teams, and product managers create their own custom view to go deep on individual experiments. They get exactly what they need to highlight interesting results, hide the noise, and begin to tell a story with the data that everyone in the organization can understand.
The
Experiment Decision Framework
helps teams make systematic, consistent decisions about when and how to conclude experiments. GrowthBook’s default modes include “do no harm” and “clear signal” with the option to customize with your own rules so you can iterate quickly.
For developers who want to skip the setup of a data source for our warehouse-native solution, we launched a
Managed Warehouse option
. Now, your team can go straight to feature management, experimentation, and product analytics without the data connection, cost, and refresh hassles.
Advanced experimentation
The more experiments you run, the more advanced your experimentation program becomes. We believe that so many of you support GrowthBook because of the high bar we set for statistical rigor. We continued that commitment with features for sophisticated metrics, automated decision-making, and comprehensive measurement capabilities for high-frequency testing programs. Measure the long term impact of changes and control outcomes with
holdouts
,
multi-arm bandits
, and
safe rollouts
.
With
Insights
, GrowthBook’s executive dashboard offers a 10,000-foot view across all of your organization’s experiments to understand what you’ve done and what you’ve learned. Help your team go further, faster by learning from experiments, exploring experiment timelines, and analyzing metric effects and correlations. Filter by project and data range, view by win rate, scaled impact, and velocity.
Improving the experiment lifecycle with AI
It’s time to talk to your experimentation platform. The
MCP server
streamlines workflows and enables AI-powered automation and insights within your development environment. Connect to your favorite LLMs to manage feature flags, experiments, and other tasks without switching contexts. The MCP server works with Cursor, Claude, VS Code, and it’s open source.
We’ve also embedded AI into GrowthBook. You can use natural language questions to generate SQL. Your GrowthBook assistant helps you follow best practices by checking hypotheses, summarizing metric descriptions, generating experiment summaries, and comparing past experiments to avoid duplication.
Looking ahead: the future of experimentation at GrowthBook
We continue to be inspired by our GitHub stargazers,
Slack community members
, and all the experimenters out there, committed to making everything better. As we prepare for the year ahead, we’re looking at a few key themes.
In this time of consolidation and disruption, data security and governance matter more than ever. Our warehouse-native approach lets you keep your data in-house under your control.
As AI-generated code becomes more pervasive, experimentation provides an essential check on whether code works and benefits the business.
Fostering a culture of experimentation does more than draw the signal from the noise. It helps you fail sooner, in the smallest ways possible, so you can accelerate success.
Here's to the next 7,000 stars and beyond! If you haven't already, check out
GrowthBook on GitHub
—we'd love to see what you experiment with next.
Ready to join the experimentation revolution? Star us on
GitHub
, join our
Slack community
, or dive into the code. The future of product development is open, transparent, and data-driven. Let's build it together.
Experiments
AI
The benchmarks are lying to you: why you should A/B test your AI
September 30, 2025
Topics
Experiments
AI
Release
Experiments
AI
Featured
true
Body
Quick takeaways
Performance varies by domain:
Models that ace benchmarks often fail on your specific use case
The Trade-offs might not be real:
Faster, cheaper models might outperform expensive ones for your needs
The best solution is rarely one model:
Most successful deployments use model portfolios
‍
A/B testing quantifies what matters:
User completion rates, costs, and latency—not abstract scores
Introduction
OpenAI's GPT-5 (high) model scores 25% on the Frontier Math benchmark for expert-level mathematics. Claude Opus 4.1 only scores 7%. Based on these numbers alone, you might assume GPT-5 is clearly the superior choice for any application requiring mathematical reasoning.
Confidence intervals across multiple A/B test variations showing variance in model performance estimates
‍
But this assumption illustrates a fundamental problem in AI evaluation, one that we in the experimentation space know quite well as Goodhart's Law: "When a measure becomes a target, it ceases to be a good measure." The AI industry has turned benchmarks into targets, and now those benchmarks are failing us.
When GPT-4 launched, it dominated every benchmark. Yet within weeks, engineering teams discovered that smaller, "inferior" models often outperformed it on specific production tasks—at a fraction of the cost.
With all the fanfare of the GPT-5 launch and outperforming all other models on coding benchmarks, developers continued to prefer Anthropic's models and tooling for real-world usage. This disconnect between benchmark performance and production reality isn't an edge case. It's the norm.
The market for LLMs is expanding rapidly—OpenAI, Anthropic, Google, Mistral, Meta, xAI, and dozens of open-source options all compete for your attention. But the question isn't which model scores highest on benchmarks. It's which model actually works in your production environment, with your users, under your constraints.
Why traditional benchmarks fail in production
AI benchmarks are standardized tests designed to measure model performance—MMLU tests general knowledge, HumanEval measures coding ability, and FrontierMath evaluates mathematical reasoning. Every major model release leads with these scores.
But these benchmarks fail in three critical ways that make them unreliable for production decisions:
1. They don't measure what actually matters
Benchmarks test surrogate tasks—simplified proxies that are easier to measure than actual performance. A model might excel at multiple-choice medical questions while failing to parse your actual clinical notes. It might ace standardized coding challenges while struggling with your company's specific codebase patterns. The benchmarks measure
something
, just not real-world problem-solving ability.
2. They're systematically gamed
Data contamination lets models memorize benchmark datasets during training, achieving perfect scores on familiar questions while failing on slight variations. Worse, models are specifically optimized to excel at benchmark tasks—essentially teaching to the test. When your model has seen the answers beforehand, the test becomes meaningless.
3. They ignore production reality
Benchmarks operate in a fantasy world without your constraints. Latency doesn't exist in benchmarks, but your multi-model chain takes 15+ seconds. Cost doesn't matter in benchmarks, but 10x price differences destroy unit economics. Your infrastructure has real memory limits. Your healthcare app can't hallucinate drug dosages.
Consider this sobering statistic: 79% of ML papers claiming breakthrough performance used weak baselines to make their results look better. When researchers reran these comparisons fairly, the advantages often disappeared.
The A/B testing advantage: finding what actually works
So if benchmarks fail us, how do we actually select and optimize LLMs? Through the same methodology that transformed digital products:
rigorous A/B testing
with real users and real workloads.
The portfolio approach
The first insight from production A/B testing contradicts everything vendors tell you: the optimal solution is rarely a single model.
Successful deployments use a portfolio approach. Through testing, teams discover patterns like:
Simple queries handled by models that are fast, cheap, and good enough
Complex reasoning routed to thinking models
Domain-specific tasks sent to fine-tuned specialist models
Take v0, Vercel's AI app builder. It uses a composite model architecture: a state-of-the-art model for new generations, a Quick Edit model for small changes, and an AutoFix model that checks outputs for errors.
This dynamic selection approach can
slash costs by 80% while maintaining or improving quality
. But you'll only discover your optimal routing strategy through systematic testing.
Metrics that actually drive business value
Production A/B testing reveals the metrics that benchmarks completely miss:
Performance metrics that matter:
Task completion rate:
Do users actually accomplish their goals?
Problem resolution rate:
Are issues solved, or do users return?
Regeneration requests:
How often is the first answer insufficient?
Session depth:
Are simple tasks requiring multiple interactions?
Cost and efficiency reality:
Tokens per request:
Your actual API costs, not theoretical pricing
P95 latency:
How long your slowest users wait (the ones most likely to churn)
Throughput limits:
Can you handle Black Friday or just Tuesday afternoon?
Counterintuitive insight:
If an LLM solves a user's question on the first try, you may see fewer follow-up prompts. That drop in "requests per session" is actually positive—your model is more effective, not less engaging.
Making A/B testing work for LLMs
Testing LLMs requires adapting traditional experimental methods to handle their unique characteristics:
Handle the randomness:
Unlike deterministic code, LLMs produce different outputs for the same prompt. This variance means:
Run tests longer than typical UI experiments
Use larger sample sizes to achieve statistical significance
Consider lowering temperature settings if consistency matters more than creativity
Isolate rour variables:
Test one change at a time:
Model swap (GPT-5 → Claude Opus)
Prompt refinement (shorter, more specific instructions)
Parameter tuning (temperature, max tokens)
Routing logic (which queries go to which model)
Without this discipline, you can't attribute improvements to specific changes.
Set smart guardrails
: Layer guardrail metrics alongside your primary success metrics. An improvement in task completion that doubles costs might not be worth deploying. Track:
Cost per successful interaction (not just cost per request)
Safety violations that could trigger PR nightmares
Latency thresholds that cause user abandonment
Build once, test forever
: Invest in infrastructure that makes testing sustainable:
Centralized proxy service for LLM communications
Automatic metric collection and monitoring
Prompt versioning and management
Response validation and safety checking
This investment pays off immediately—making tests easier to run and results more trustworthy.
Embrace empiricism
Benchmarks aren't entirely useless—use them for initial screening, understanding capability boundaries, and meeting regulatory minimums. But they should never be your final decision criterion.
The AI industry's obsession with benchmarks has created a dangerous illusion. Models that dominate standardized tests struggle with real tasks. The metrics we celebrate have divorced from the outcomes we need.
For teams building with LLMs, the path is clear:
Start with hypotheses, not benchmarks:
"We believe Model X will improve task completion," not "Model X scores higher"
Test with real users and real data:
Your production environment is the only benchmark that matters
Measure what moves your business:
User satisfaction, cost per outcome, and regulatory compliance
Iterate based on evidence:
Let data, not vendor claims, drive your model selection
Despite the fanfare surrounding the GPT-5 launch and its outperformance on coding benchmarks, developers continued to prefer Anthropic's models and tooling for real-world use. The benchmarks aren't exactly lying—they're just answering the wrong questions. A/B testing asks the right ones: Will this solve my users' problems? Can we afford it at scale? Does it meet our requirements?
In the end, the best benchmark for your AI isn't a standardized test. It's users voting with their actions, costs staying within budget, and your application delivering real value.
Everything else is just numbers on a leaderboard.
Further reading
Is your AI benchmark lying to you?
Data-Driven LLM Evaluation with Statistical Testing
FrugalGPT: How to Use Large Language Models While Reducing Cost and Improving Performance
Can We Trust AI Benchmarks? An Interdisciplinary Review of Current Issues in AI Evaluation
Releases
4.1
Product Updates
GrowthBook version 4.1
September 9, 2025
Topics
Releases
4.1
Product Updates
Release
Releases
4.1
Product Updates
Featured
true
Body
This release continues the momentum of GrowthBook 4.0 by adding two of our most requested Enterprise features - Holdouts and Experiment Dashboards. Plus, we’ve made several significant enhancements to our integrations with AI coding tools and our
MCP server
capabilities. If you’re not yet using GrowthBook with your AI coding tools, we highly recommend it!
Read on to learn more about these features and everything else we’ve been working on these past 2 months.
Holdouts
GrowthBook Holdouts UI showing a control group maintained separately from users receiving new features
MCP Server
Holdout experiments measure the long-term impact of features by maintaining a control group that doesn't receive new functionality. While most users experience your latest features and improvements, a small percentage remain on the original version, providing a baseline for measuring cumulative effects over time. Read more
about holdouts
.
Experiment dashboards
GrowthBook Experiment Dashboards showing key metrics, dimension breakdowns, and context in a single shareable view
Experiment Dashboards let you create tailored views of an experiment. Highlight key insights, add context, and share a clear story with your team. For example, highlight the key goal metric results, show an interesting breakdown by dimension, and link to supporting external documents, all in a single view.
Dashboards
are available for all Enterprise customers. We have a lot planned for this, so stay tuned!
AI features
This release integrates AI to accelerate your workflows in GrowthBook. Auto-summarize experiment results, get help writing SQL, improve hypotheses, detect similar past experiments, and more. These features are available even if you’re self-hosted, just supply an OpenAI API key. See the
AI features in action
or read detailed information on how these
features work
.
MCP updates
We've updated our
MCP Server
to allow you to create experiments directly from your AI coding tool of choice, without needing to context switch to GrowthBook. This change unlocks a bunch of new, exciting workflows, and we can't wait to see how you use it!
Vercel native integration
We're excited to announce that GrowthBook is now available as a native integration in the Experimentation category on the Vercel Marketplace! This integration makes it easier than ever to add
feature flagging
and A/B testing to your Vercel projects, with streamlined setup, unified billing, and ultra-low latency performance. Read more on our
announcement post
.
Pre-computed dimensions
You can now pick a set of key experiment dimensions and pre-compute them along with the main experiment results. This allows for more efficient database queries and instant dimension breakdowns in the UI. Read more
in our docs
.
FerretDB support
GrowthBook now supports FerretDB as a MongoDB-compatible open-source database backend
FerretDB is a MongoDB-compatible, open-source database that is free to use. It serves as a drop-in replacement for MongoDB, converting MongoDB wire protocol queries to SQL and using PostgreSQL as its backend storage engine. We're pleased to
support FerretDB
officially!
Sanity CMS integration
GrowthBook feature flags integrated with Sanity CMS for testing content variations
Sanity is a real-time content backend for all your text and assets. You can now use GrowthBook feature flags to seamlessly test different content variations within Sanity. Check out our
announcement video and tutorial
or
our docs
.
The 4.1 release includes over 150 commits, way more than we can quickly summarize here. View the
release details on GitHub
for a more comprehensive list. As always, we love feedback - good and bad. Let us know what you think of the new features and what you want to see as part of 4.2!
Experiments
AI
Feedback loops are the next breakthrough in agentic coding
September 8, 2025
Topics
Experiments
AI
Release
Experiments
AI
Featured
true
Body
At first glance, feature flag and experimentation platforms don’t seem closely tied to AI. But at GrowthBook, we see it differently. These platforms don’t just test whether a feature works technically—they test whether it delivers the
business outcomes
developers intended. That distinction is critical, and it’s exactly the kind of feedback loop AI coding platforms need to evolve.
Research
shows that only about one-third of software features actually deliver the expected results. Another third make little difference. And the final third actively harm key metrics like conversion or engagement. Without structured feedback, teams repeat the same costly mistakes.
Now imagine an AI that could warn you before you invested weeks of engineering effort:
“This feature is unlikely to move the needle.”
That’s the future we believe is coming.
The next frontier for LLMs
Most AI coding tools today help developers build features exactly as they always have. Which means they’re just as likely to produce underperforming features. The next breakthrough will be AI systems that understand
what to build and how to build it
—drawing on millions of past experiments.
OpenAI has already hinted at this direction. In its
GPT-5 Prompting Cookbook
, it recommends creating a rubric to evaluate a development plan, then iterating until the plan earns top marks. Now imagine if that rubric weren’t handcrafted, but instead learned automatically from thousands of feature tests. AI wouldn’t just critique plans. It would
know
what success looks like—and guide you there directly.
That’s a leap toward more intelligent, agentic AI—not only in coding, but also in fields like finance and healthcare, where feedback loops are abundant.
Bringing agentic coding into your workflow today
The good news: you don’t need to wait for the future. With
GrowthBook’s MCP server
, AI coding tools can already tap into your past experiments to build intelligent rubrics. They can:
Design and deploy experiments
for the features they create
Measure results in real time
against your KPIs
Iterate continuously
until outcomes align with business goals
The scale of experimentation today is staggering. GrowthBook customers collectively run
hundreds of thousands of experiments each month
—and that number is growing. AI can now unlock insights from this volume of data in ways that were never possible before.
The bigger impact
Building a culture of experimentation does more than improve feature delivery. It accelerates innovation, drives better customer experiences, and creates measurable gains in usage, retention, and sales.
Feedback loops will make agentic AI smarter, faster, and more valuable to every software team. The future of coding isn’t just about writing code—it’s about learning from every outcome. And with the right experimentation infrastructure, that future is already here.
Experiments
4.1
Analytics
How GrowthBook holdouts work under the hood
September 3, 2025
Topics
Experiments
4.1
Analytics
Release
Experiments
4.1
Analytics
Featured
true
Body
Holdouts answer a deceptively simple question:
“What did all of this shipping actually do?”
In GrowthBook, a holdout keeps a small, durable control group away from
new features
,
experiments, and bandits
, then compares them to everyone else over time. That comparison is your long-run, cumulative impact—no guess work, no complicated de-biasing algorithms.
You can read more about holdouts in this blog post,
Holdouts in GrowthBook: The Gold Standard for Measuring Cumulative Impact
and in
our documentation
. But in this post, I’m going to talk about some of the nitty-gritty choices we made and why we made them.
We measure
everything that happened
, not just shipped winners
There are two different approaches out there to measuring impact with holdouts:
“Measure everything” approach (used in GrowthBook).
The holdout group stays off
all
new functionality; everyone else proceeds as normal—experimenting, shipping, backtracking, and iterating. We then compare a small, like-for-like
measurement subset
of the general population to the holdout. That design deliberately measures the full experience of what happened over the quarter, not just the curated list of winners. It’s a more faithful assessment of the world your users actually saw.
“Clean-room” approach.
The holdout group still stays off all new functionality. However, you also withhold a holdout
test
group that only sees shipped features. This slice is used to compare against your holdout; meanwhile, the remaining traffic is where day-to-day experiments run.
Here’s another way to think about it. Imagine your traffic is split into 3 groups with a 5% holdout:
Holdout (5%): The same across both groups. Never sees any new feature
Measurement (5%): The key difference is here. In the “clean room” approach, they are held out until a feature is shipped, and then get the winning variation. In the “measure everything” approach, they are identical to the General group, and are used to experiment and ship
General (90%): The same across both groups. Used to experiment and ship
How do they compare?
The “clean-room” approach provides you with the most accurate assessment of what you shipped. You get a sample that only sees the shipped features and does not have a history of seeing features you decided not to ship. This can really help you know if “what you shipped worked.”
However, it has 3 major downsides:
It
leaves you blind to what actually happened
to the vast majority of users along the way (failed experiments, feature false starts, etc.). If you want to know if your overall program is headed in the right direction, you have to include the costs of running experiments, exposing users to losing variations, and more. While “measure everything” may be a worse estimate of simply the cumulative impact of winners, it more accurately represents the impact your team had. What’s more, not knowing what is going on with 90+% of your entire user base is quite a cost to pay.
Furthermore, it may actually
be a worse estimate of the impact going forward.
If seeing past failed experiments better represents how future failed experiments may interact with your shipped features, then you actually want your holdout estimate to include these past failed experiments.
You end up with
lower power for your regular tests.
By splitting another 5% off of the general population, all of your regular tests will have 5% less traffic to ship. This could slow down your overall experimentation program and lead to worse decisions.
For these reasons, at GrowthBook, we opted for the approach where you “measure everything.”
How feature evaluation works:
prerequisites
Under the hood, Holdouts rely on
prerequisites
. Before any feature rule or experiment is evaluated, GrowthBook checks the holdout prerequisite and diverts holdout users to default values. This works just like a regular rule in your Feature evaluation flow, making it easy to understand what's happening
GrowthBook experiment creation modal showing holdout prerequisite field selected by default
Everyone else flows through your rules as usual. Because that evaluation triggers on
every
included feature or experiment, holdout exposure can occur at different moments in a user’s journey.
That has two important implications for analysis:
Prefer
metrics with
lookback windows
. Since users can encounter the holdout at varying times, fixed conversion windows anchored to a single “first exposure” are often ill-posed for long-running, multi-feature measurement. GrowthBook enforces this: you can’t add conversion-window metrics to a holdout; instead, use long-range metrics without windows or with lookback windows.
Use the
built-in Analysis Period
when you’re ready to read the holdout: freeze new additions, keep splitting traffic, and let GrowthBook apply
dynamic lookback windows
per experiment/metric so you measure exactly the period you care about.
Compliance by default:
project-level enforcement
Holdouts are scoped to
Projects
—a core GrowthBook organizing unit for features, metrics, experiments, SDKs, and permissions. Assign a holdout to a project and, from that point on,
new features, experiments, and bandits
created in that project inherit the holdout by default (there’s an escape hatch if you truly need it). This keeps your baseline clean without relying on every engineer, product manager, or data analyst remembering to use the holdout.
Under the hood, each time your team creates an experiment or a feature in a Project, we check if that Project has any associated holdouts. If there is one, we pre-select it, and allow you to opt out with a warning. If there is more than one holdout, we select the first one by default, but experimenters can switch their selected holdout. We recommend you avoid this situation. If there are any holdouts without project scoping, they are available to all projects, and we recommend avoiding this unless you are running a global holdout.
This adds one more reason to use Projects:
Right-sized access.
Projects already let you define
who can see and change what, including “no access” when needed
. Holdouts ride along with those boundaries.
Cleaner authoring flows.
Creators see a
Holdout
field during setup
; if multiple holdouts exist (not recommended), they can select the correct one. Otherwise, it’s on by default—compliance without cognitive load.
Comparable program reads.
Teams running their own
project-scoped holdouts
can produce apples-to-apples quarterly reads of cumulative impact across surfaces.
TL;DR
Measure reality, not a curated subset.
Our holdouts capture
everything that happened
during the holdout period.
Learn more about what a holdout actually measures.
Prerequisites: power correctness.
Every evaluation respects the holdout; pair that with lookbacks or the analysis window for clean metric reads
.
Compliance is built-in.
Project-level enforcement makes holdouts the default, not an afterthought.
Get started by
reading our docs
or
by signing up
.
Experiments
4.1
Analytics
Product Updates
Holdouts in GrowthBook: the gold standard for measuring cumulative impact
September 3, 2025
Topics
Experiments
4.1
Analytics
Product Updates
Release
Experiments
4.1
Analytics
Product Updates
Featured
true
Body
Many successful product teams iterate quickly, running simultaneous experiments and launching new features weekly. Measuring the overall effect of these tests is critical to understanding the team’s impact and to help set product direction. However, actually measuring this cumulative impact can be quite difficult.
Holdouts
in GrowthBook provide a simple way to keep a true control group across multiple features and measure long-run cumulative impact. It’s the gold standard way to answer the question:
“What did all of this shipping actually do to my key metric?”
Why holdouts matter
Cumulative impact is important to measure.
Ensuring that your
experimentation program
helps you ship winning features and avoid losing features sets your product direction. Knowing which teams are driving the most impact can help you understand what’s working and what isn’t. Teams that are successfully moving the needle may deserve more investment to continue driving their goals upward. If a team struggles to have a significant impact, they may have hit diminishing returns, they may need a new direction, or the product may have reached a certain level of maturity, making gains more difficult to achieve.
Cumulative impact is hard to measure.
Looking at the overall trend in your goal metrics is not enough. Forces beyond your control or seasonality can dictate goal metric movements and can mislead you. With constant shipping across product teams, attributing lift to individual teams can be nearly impossible.
Other approaches try to sum up the effect of individual experiments and apply some bias reduction, like
the one on our own Insights section
. Almost always, the
individual impacts of experiments, when summed up, overstate the final effects due to selection bias
, generally diminishing returns over time, and cannibalizing interactions with other experiments. This isn’t just theoretical;
Airbnb
documented how a naive sum overstates impact by 2x when compared with a holdout, and bias-corrected estimates still overstate impact by 1.3x.
Holdouts as the solution.
A well-run holdout exposes a stable baseline of users to
none
of your new features for a period of time, then compares them to the general population. Because a holdout can run for longer on a small percentage of traffic, you capture longer-run effects. Furthermore, it allows you to stack all of your features and experiments into one test, capturing cumulative and interactive effects. Finally, it uses reliable statistics and inference from experiments to make holdouts the
gold standard
for cumulative, long-run impact.
How holdouts work in GrowthBook
At a high level:
Holdout group
: A small percentage of traffic (usually users) is diverted away from new features, experiments, and bandits.
General population
: Everyone else—experimenting and shipping as usual. We then select a small subset of the general population as a measurement group to compare against the holdout group.
As you launch new features and experiments, all new traffic checks whether they should be diverted to the holdout before seeing the new feature or experiment values.
When an experiment goes live, the
holdout group
is completely excluded while the
general population
gets randomized into one condition or another. Once an experiment is shipped, all users in the
general population
will receive the shipped variant.
This means that the holdout measures
the cumulative impact of using your product
, which includes all the false starts and the test period for the experiments that didn’t ship, because that is a true record of what actually happened in the past quarter.
Only once the holdout is ended will users in the holdout group receive any shipped features.
Using your holdout
Facebook and X product teams ran 6-month holdouts for all their features, withholding 5% or less of traffic, and then used the cumulative impact in reporting and to understand if they had correctly set their product direction. They then released the holdout and started a new one for the next 6-month period.
Other teams at X were also using long-run, low-traffic holdouts on a bundle of critical features to ensure they were continuing to provide value.
Define the population size:
Pick a sample large enough to measure your cumulative impact, but beware that larger population sizes mean you will end up with less traffic for your day-to-day experiments and fewer users with the latest set of features.
Define the active period length (half a month to a quarter)
: Pick a period long enough to accumulate some wins
During the active period (half to a full quarter):
Ship normally. Keep adding experiments and launching features. The holdout quietly accumulates evidence.
Analysis period
(2–4 weeks)
: Freeze adding new changes, let effects settle, and compare cumulative impact with our automatic lookback windows applied to measure only the analysis period.
Product teams at X would run a holdout for a half a year, adding new features to the holdout over the course of 6 months. Then, they would use the following quarter to get a reliable, long-run measure of their cumulative impact.
So, a year would look like this:
Timeframe
Holdout Status
Q1
h1-holdout
(active)
Q2
h1-holdout
(active)
Q3
h2-holdout
(active)
h1-holdout
(measurement only)
Q4
h2-holdout
(active)
Tips & trade-offs
Project-scope your Holdout: I
f you want to measure the impact of a given team’s set of features, have that team work within one or more GrowthBook Projects and have the Holdout automatically apply to their features and experiments.
Be wary of the user experience
: A small group won’t see new features—keep the percentage small and the period finite.
Be ready to keep feature flags in code
: Holdouts require feature flags to stick around through the analysis period, so prepare your workflows for longer-lasting features.
Metrics
: Favor durable outcomes (revenue, retention, engagement) and use lookbacks for clean analysis windows so that you only measure the impact once all experiments have had a chance to bed-in.
Learn more about what a holdout actually measures.
Get started
Create your first holdout
in the app
(
Experiments
→
Holdouts
) and scope it to a project you want to measure impact within.
Pick 2 - 4 long-run metrics
that your team is hoping to improve in the long-run.
Read more about holdouts in our
Knowledge Base
and see
our documentation
to help run your first holdout.
AI
Building in the AI era: lessons from past technological revolutions
July 29, 2025
Topics
AI
Release
AI
Featured
true
Body
We are living through a generational technology shift—one that comes along only once or twice in a lifetime, reshaping how humans interact with the world. Just as electricity, automobiles, computers, the internet, and mobile computing were transformative, AI is doing the same today. However, history shows us that in the early days of a new technology, people often misunderstand the power that it unlocks. This article will examine some of the historical technology shifts and the lessons we can learn from them.
Lessons from history
Practical applications of electricity began to take root in the 1880s and 90s, with the first electrical power station opening in Manhattan by Edison. The uses were initially targeted at consumers, with rich New Yorkers able to electrify their homes and replace their gas lights with electric ones. Industry, on the other hand, was slow to adapt, despite the evident advantages. Most industries simply replaced steam-powered equipment with electric ones, or added electric lights, without considering how their industry could operate differently.
The engineering breakthrough came when Henry Ford reimagined the factory in the 1910s. He utilized electric motors' precise speed control and distributed power to create the moving assembly line in 1913—a feat impossible with centralized steam engines that required complex systems of belts and pulleys. These improvements cut the Model T build time from 12 hours to about 93 minutes­—a systemic redesign that enabled scale, lowered costs, and transformed labor and manufacturing fundamentally.
A similar lesson comes from the introduction of the television. In the early days of television, content was heavily borrowed from radio—simply filmed broadcasts of radio shows without inventing for the new medium. The real shift came when creators embraced television's potential: drama anthologies, magazine-format shows like Today and The Tonight Show, recording and editing footage from multiple cameras, and new storytelling formats were designed for television. By the 1950s, TV overtook radio: between 1950 and 1960, U.S. household ownership jumped from about 9 percent to over 60 percent, nearing 90 percent in the early 1960s.
The lesson
: Early adopters who treat a new medium like the old one often miss its full value. The true winners reimagine processes, experiences—and even entire business models—when they adopt these new technologies.
Parallels with today’s AI adoption
It is evident from the above examples that there are parallels with the adoption of AI into our products and businesses. Pressure to add AI or to be the AI for x industry results in many uninspired implementations. Many organizations today
bolt on an AI assistant
—like lighting a few bulbs in a steam-powered factory—but miss the opportunity to reimagine workflows end-to-end. The real transformation occurs when considering how AI can transform the user experience.
The difference between the past technological shifts and the AI one we’re experiencing today is the incredible velocity of the change.
It took about 13 years for Ford to sell 1 million cars.
It took Google 1 year to reach 1 million searches per day.
Apple’s iPhone launched in 2007, heralding the smartphone revolution, and sold 1 million units in just 74 days.
ChatGPT, on the other hand, reached 1 billion searches per day in under a year—a metric that Google took over 10 years to achieve.
Within just two months of its November 2022 launch, ChatGPT surpassed 100 million users—the fastest adoption rate ever recorded for a consumer software product. This rate of adoption suggests that companies that don't learn from history and adapt to the AI era face an existential threat, not just a competitive disadvantage.
GrowthBook’s journey with AI
At GrowthBook, our initial step was adding the lightbulb: we launched an AI chatbot to help users navigate our documentation (a helpful concierge, if you will).
Simultaneously, we conducted several brainstorming sessions to reevaluate our product and explore the potential impact of AI on our business. We ran the
11-star brainstorming
sessions and planned our roadmap to reimagine what AI will mean in the
A/B testing
and
product analytics space
. We built
Weblens.ai
as a demonstration of some of the features AI can unlock for AB testing—and we have many more coming very soon.
Conclusion
From electrification to television to AI, each technological shift has rewarded those who reimagined systems entirely. They didn’t just adopt new tools—they rewrote workflows, content, and the way they delivered value.
Here are the lessons:
Treat AI as a new paradigm—not just as an add-on
. Like Ford reengineered production or TV creators abandoned radio formats,
design products from an AI-native perspective
.
Focus on user journeys and tasks that AI can redefine
—insights, decisions, personalization—rather than isolated features shoe‑horned onto existing interfaces.
If you don’t adapt now, someone else will
. AI has experienced an explosive rate of growth, resulting in significant productivity gains and a reduction in the time it takes to bring products to market.
Platform
4.1
Product Updates
Feature Flags
GrowthBook is now available on the Vercel Marketplace
July 24, 2025
Topics
Platform
4.1
Product Updates
Feature Flags
Release
Platform
4.1
Product Updates
Feature Flags
Featured
true
Body
We're excited to announce that GrowthBook is now available as a native integration in the
Experimentation
category on the Vercel Marketplace! This integration makes it easier than ever to add
feature flagging
and
A/B testing
to your Vercel projects, with streamlined setup, unified billing, and ultra-low latency performance.
What this means for developers
The Vercel Marketplace includes an Experimentation category specifically designed for developers who want to implement feature flags and run experiments without the complexity of managing separate platforms. As one of the first experimentation providers in this new category, GrowthBook brings enterprise-grade feature management and experimentation directly into your Vercel workflow.
With this native integration, you can:
Access GrowthBook from Vercel
: Access flags and experiments without leaving the Vercel dashboard
Sync to Vercel Edge Config
: Automatically sync your feature flags to Vercel Edge Config for near-zero latency flag evaluation
Unified billing
: Manage GrowthBook billing through your existing Vercel account
Integrate GrowthBook and Vercel SDKs seamlessly
: Use GrowthBook's SDKs or integrate with Vercel's Flags SDK for simplified setup
Built for performance and scale
Traditional feature-flagging solutions often introduce latency via API calls, leading to flickering web pages, missed analytics, poor UX, and skewed experimentation results. Our Vercel integration leverages Edge Config to eliminate this bottleneck entirely. When you enable Edge Config syncing, your feature flags are automatically distributed to Vercel's global edge network, allowing your applications to evaluate flags without making external API calls.
This means no flickering, no delays, and no compromises on performance—just real-time control over your application features with sub-millisecond flag evaluation times.
How it works
Getting started is incredibly straightforward:
Install from the Marketplace
: Navigate to the Vercel dashboard, select
Integrations
, then
Browse Marketplace
. Find GrowthBook in the
Experimentation
category.
Choose Your Plan
: Select between our free Starter or Pro plan. Pro plan billing is handled directly through Vercel for a unified experience.
Connect Your Projects
: The integration creates a new GrowthBook organization and automatically connects it to your selected Vercel projects.
Start Building
: Create feature flags, set up A/B tests, and manage rollouts in GrowthBook, with direct access from your Vercel dashboard
Dive Deeper
: Use GrowthBook's full analytics suite to understand experiment results
Perfect for Next.js applications
If you're building with
Next.js
, the integration works seamlessly with
Vercel's Flags SDK
. You can use the newly released
@flags-sdk/growthbook
provider to load experiments and flags with zero configuration. For other frameworks, GrowthBook's comprehensive SDK library supports every major language and platform.
Enterprise-grade features, startup-friendly pricing
This integration brings all of GrowthBook's powerful features to Vercel users:
Advanced Targeting
: Target users based on attributes, location, device type, and custom rules
Statistical Analysis
: Built-in Bayesian and Frequentist statistics engines for reliable experiment results
Multi-armed Bandits
: Automatically optimize traffic allocation based on performance
Comprehensive Analytics
: Track any metric and understand the full impact of your experiments
Warehouse Native
: Use your existing data stack (Snowflake, BigQuery, Databricks, ClickHouse, Postgres, etc.)
Our pricing remains developer-friendly, with a generous free tier that includes unlimited feature flags and experiments for up to 3 team members. The Pro plan scales with your needs and is now conveniently billed through Vercel.
The next step in your development workflow
Modern web development requires the ability to test, iterate, and optimize continuously. With GrowthBook now available on the Vercel Marketplace, you can add sophisticated feature management and experimentation capabilities to your projects in minutes, not days.
Whether you're rolling out a new feature to a subset of users, running A/B tests to optimize conversion rates, or implementing progressive rollouts to minimize risk, GrowthBook provides the tools you need without slowing down your development workflow.
Get started today
Ready to start experimenting? Install the GrowthBook integration from the Vercel Marketplace today. It's available to users on all Vercel plans, and you can be up and running with your first feature flag in under 60 seconds.
Install GrowthBook on Vercel Marketplace →
For questions or support, join our
Slack community
or check out our
documentation
for Next.js integration details.
Releases
Product Updates
4.0
GrowthBook version 4.0
July 9, 2025
Topics
Releases
Product Updates
4.0
Release
Releases
Product Updates
4.0
Featured
true
Body
We shipped so many new features in our June Launch Month that we decided that it deserved a major version increase. Version 4.0 brings a huge array of new features. Here’s a quick summary of everything it includes.
‍
GrowthBook MCP server
AI tools like Cursor can now interact with GrowthBook via our
new MCP server
.
Create feature flags
, check the status of running experiments, clean up stale code, and more.
Safer rollouts
‍
Building upon our Safe Rollouts release from the last version, we added gradual traffic ramp-up, auto rollback, a smart update schedule, and a time series view of results. All of these combine to add even more safety around your feature releases
‍
Decision criteria
‍
You can now customize the shipping recommendation logic for experiments. Choose from a “Clear Signals” model, a “Do No Harm” model, or define your own from scratch.
Search filters
‍
We’ve revamped the search experience within GrowthBook to make it easier to find feature flags, metrics, and experiments. Easily filter by project, owner, tag, type, and more.
‍
Insights section
‍
We added a brand-new left nav section called “Insights” with a bunch of tools to help you learn from your past experiments.
The
Dashboard
shows velocity, win rate, and scaled metric impact by project.
Learnings
is a searchable knowledge base of all of your completed experiments.
The
Experiment Timeline
shows when experiments were running and how they overlapped with each other.
Metric Effects
lists the experiments that had the biggest impact on a specific metric.
Metric Correlations
let you see how two metrics move in relation to each other.
‍
SQL explorer
We launched a lightweight SQL console and BI tool to explore and visualize your data directly within GrowthBook, without needing to switch to another platform like Looker.
‍
Managed warehouse
‍
GrowthBook Cloud now offers a fully managed ClickHouse database that is deeply integrated with the product. It’s the fastest way to start collecting data and running experiments on GrowthBook. You still get raw SQL access and all the benefits of a warehouse-native product.
‍
Feature flag usage
‍
See analytics about how your feature flags are being evaluated in your app in real time. This is built on top of the new Managed Warehouse on GrowthBook Cloud and is a game-changer for debugging and QA.
‍
Vercel flags SDK
‍
GrowthBook now has an official provider for the Vercel Flags SDK. This is now the easiest way to add server-side feature flags to any Next.js project. We have an even deeper Vercel integration coming soon to make this experience even more seamless.
‍
Official framer plugin
‍
You can now easily run GrowthBook experiments inside your Framer projects. Assign visitors to different versions of your design (like layouts, headlines, or calls to action), track results, and confidently choose the best experience for your audience.
Personalized landing page
‍
There’s a new landing page when you first log into GrowthBook. Quickly see any features or experiments that need your attention, pick up where you left off, and learn about advanced GrowthBook functionality to get the most out of the platform.
New experimentation left nav
‍
There’s a new “Experimentation” section in the left nav. Experiments and Bandits now live within this section, along with our Power Calculator, Experiment Templates, and Namespaces. We’ll be expanding this section soon with Holdouts and more, so stay tuned!
‍
REST API updates
Filter the listFeatures endpoint by clientKey
Support partial rule updates in the putFeature endpoint
New Queries endpoint to retrieve raw SQL queries and results from an experiment
Added Custom Field support to feature and experiment endpoints
New endpoints for getting feature code refs
New endpoint to revert a feature to a specific revision
Performance improvements
‍
We’ve significantly reduced CPU and memory usage when self-hosting GrowthBook at scale. On GrowthBook Cloud, we’ve seen a roughly 50% reduction during peak load, leading to lower latency and virtually eliminating container failures in production.
Experiments
Platform
Types of Experimentation and When to Use Them
July 7, 2025
Topics
Experiments
Platform
Release
Experiments
Platform
Featured
true
Body
Digital experiments serve a large variety of purposes. You may want to
learn
whether you’re building the right thing, you might want to
safely release
changes without introducing regressions, or you might just want to
pick a winner
between some easy-to-build options.
But one tool won’t be best for all of them. A classic
A/B test
might struggle if you throw 10 options at it, or it might take too long to reach a clear result if your goal is just to do no harm.
That's why GrowthBook provides you with 3 different tools, all powered by our
state-of-the-art statistics engine and performant SDKs
.
Experiments
for learning,
Safe Rollouts
for releasing safely, and
Bandits
for picking a winner among many.
When to use a classic experiment
Use classic experiments when you want to:
Build a better product or website
Learn about customer behavior as accurately as possible
Choose from only 2-3 different options, or a few options that were costly to build with respect to time from design, engineering, and product
Classic
experiments
in GrowthBook are great at providing you with the clearest answer to the difference in your key goal metrics between 2 or 3 variations. For instance, if you've spent weeks designing and building a new checkout flow, you need precise measurements of its impact on conversion rates compared to your current design.
GrowthBook experiment results showing goal metric trend and 1.36% lift over time
You can reduce variance using tools like
CUPED
. Or you can use sequential testing and multiple-comparisons corrections to best balance
false-positive rates
and faster shipping. You can also add Dimensional analyses to slice-and-dice your results and learn more about how what you are building affects your users.
Furthermore, classic Experiments provide accurate experimental effects that form the basis for a historical library. This data becomes invaluable for driving Insights about the overall performance of your product development.
GrowthBook Experiment Insights histogram showing distribution of historical experiment lifts on a key metric
When to use a Safe Rollout
Use a
Safe Rollout
when you want to
Release confidently by rolling back as soon as there is a clear regression
Ship automatically as long as you're doing no harm
Do lightweight experimentation with every release
Safe Rollouts
are built right into
GrowthBook Feature Flags
and are fast and easy to set up. They use one-sided sequential tests and automatic traffic ramp-ups to ensure that when a guardrail fails, your feature rolls back without inflating false-positive rates. This way, you can make experimentation a part of every release.
GrowthBook Safe Rollout showing no guardrail failures and ready to ship status
Imagine you've refactored an API endpoint for better performance. Your goal isn't to learn whether it's 5% or 8% faster. You just need confidence that it won't break anything. Safe Rollouts lets you release to 5% of users, automatically scale up if metrics look healthy, and instantly roll back if error rates spike.
While Safe Rollouts can more confidently flag early regressions than a classic Experiment, they aren’t as fine-tuned for building up a library of effects or getting exceedingly precise estimates. They do use CUPED, but it is used in the service of detecting regressions more quickly, not getting the most precise overall lift. Safe Rollouts are also restricted to just 2 variations since they’re designed to safely release a new feature, rather than test between multiple arms.
When to use a Bandit
Use a Multi-Arm Bandit
when you want to:
Pick a winner between 4+ different variations that were easy to build
Reduce traffic going to variations that are struggling early in an experiment
GrowthBook multi-armed bandit showing Variation 4 winning probability increasing over time across five variations
Multi-armed
Bandits
optimize traffic in an experiment by directing more traffic to better-performing variations. For example, you're running a week-long sale and want to test different CTAs. By the time you completed a classic Experiment, the sale would be over, and you would've lost out on sales. With Bandits, traffic automatically shifts toward the winning CTA during the sale, maximizing conversions.
This provides dual benefits: better variations get more statistical power from increased traffic, while fewer users see worse-performing options, protecting your bottom line.
GrowthBook’s
Bandits
stand apart from the field by ensuring a consistent user experience during the bandit and by using period-specific weighting to deal with seasonality (e.g., day-of-the-week effects) in your experiment sample. However,
Bandits
in general are known to suffer from some inaccuracies at providing top-level estimates of experiment lifts, so they are best suited for picking a winner among many, instead of learning precisely how much a variation outperformed another.
GrowthBook provides the experimentation tools you need
All 3 forms of experimentation, classic
Experiments
,
Safe Rollouts
, and multi-armed
Bandits
, use the power of randomization and GrowthBook’s state-of-the-art statistics engine to provide you with the right answers to the right questions.
Ready to choose the right experimentation approach for your next project?
Get started with GrowthBook
in under 5 minutes.
Analytics
Product Updates
2.3
SQL explorer: time to be the Marco Polo of your data
July 3, 2025
Topics
Analytics
Product Updates
2.3
Release
Analytics
Product Updates
2.3
Featured
true
Body
Michael and Ryan explore SQL Explorer
‍
Sometimes you need to scratch your own itch. And, when you do, it’s sooo good.
That’s what happened with our newest feature, SQL Explorer.
We found ourselves in GrowthBook always needing to run some kind of basic SQL query like checking on
feature usage
. It meant having to open another tool (Mode in our case) and running the query there, getting the
data
, and then heading back to GrowthBook. That context switching is tedious, and, if you’re not careful, you’ll find yourself in a totally different tab, reading AITAH posts.
Well, we just got a whole lot more time back because you can now run those queries right in GrowthBook with our new SQL Explorer. Its adoption has already been through the roof, so if you’re not using it, you’re likely missing out on one of our most useful new features. It’s even got us thinking: “Do we need Mode any more?”
Here are 3 common use cases to help you get started.
1. Not like the other events
It’s common to have an
events
table where all your events are unceremoniously dumped. It could be
purchase
,
add-to-cart
,
sign-up
,
check-out-started
, and so on. But it’s hard to know just looking at the table schema or first few rows what’s really available.
With SQL Explorer, you can just ask:
SELECT DISTINCT
event_name
FROM
db.public.events
LIMIT
1000
Boom! Every unique event name. Save the query and return to it anytime to remind yourself of all your events, cherishing each of them as you do.
SQL Explorer results showing four distinct event types: add_to_cart, purchase, signup, and product_view
2. The business intelligence deep dive
Bob from Marketing asked Sally from Product to ask you how conversion rates are doing in Japan compared to your other markets. Lucky for them, you were already checking on an experiment in GrowthBook, so you pulled up SQL Explorer and ran this query:
SELECT
country,
COUNT(DISTINCT user_id)
as
unique_users,
COUNT(CASE WHEN event_name =
'purchase'
THEN
1
END)
as
purchases,
ROUND(AVG(CASE WHEN event_name =
'purchase'
THEN amount END)::numeric,
2
)
as
avg_purchase_amount,
ROUND(
(COUNT(CASE WHEN event_name =
'purchase'
THEN
1
END) *
100.0
/
COUNT(DISTINCT user_id))::numeric,
2
)
as
conversion_rate_percent
FROM events
WHERE timestamp >= CURRENT_DATE - INTERVAL
'30 days'
GROUP BY country
HAVING COUNT(DISTINCT user_id) >
100
ORDER BY conversion_rate_percent DESC;
You see that conversion rates are consistent across your regions, and because Bob and Sally are part of your GrowthBook org, you can just share the query directly with them, so they can investigate the data firsthand.
SQL Explorer table showing conversion rates by country with UK leading at 25.25% over the past 30 days
There’s no doubt Bob will invite you to his BBQ this year.
3. Look at this graph
Rows of data are fine. Who doesn’t love some good rows of data? But sometimes it’s nice to have a chart, too.
With the SQL Explorer, it’s easy to visualize any query as a bar, line, area, or scatter graph.
Imagine you want to see your funnel events from the past 30 days laid out over a gorgeous line graph. You start with the SQL:
SELECT
DATE (timestamp)
as
date,
event_name,
COUNT(*)
as
event_count
FROM
events
WHERE
timestamp >= NOW() - INTERVAL
'14 days'
AND event_name IS NOT NULL
GROUP BY
DATE (timestamp),
event_name
ORDER BY
date,
event_name
LIMIT
1000
Then, add the visualization. Here we choose a Line graph with the date as the X axis and
event_count
as Y. Finally, we set
event_name
as the dimension.
And now:
Line chart from SQL Explorer showing product views, signups, purchases, and add-to-cart events tracked daily over 14 days
Now you’ve got a sick multi-line chart that immediately shows you if that checkout flow tweak last Tuesday did anything. It did! It made things worse.
The best part? Again, you can save this query and visualization, rerun it whenever, and Slack the link to your team. No more screenshots, Loom gloom, or Phil asking for more details on the query.
Phil, now you can just check out the query yourself, bud.
Time to explore
Your data is already accessible within GrowthBook. Why not explore it? You no longer have to fire up 15 different tools to answer some basic questions about your data.
Whether you're settling office debates about conversion rates, proving that yes, your latest feature actually is being used, or creating visualizations that make you look like a data wizard in Monday's standup, SQL Explorer has your back.
So go ahead, scratch some itches. Your future self (and Bob's BBQ guest list) will thank you.
SQL Explorer showing a saved query with visualization ready to share with teammates
Releases
Product Updates
4.0
GrowthBook launch month - Week 4
June 25, 2025
Topics
Releases
Product Updates
4.0
Release
Releases
Product Updates
4.0
Featured
true
Body
Launch month continues with our Managed Warehouse product and feature flag usage analytics.
Managed warehouse
GrowthBook Managed Warehouse architecture showing real-time event ingestion from SDK into ClickHouse
We’ve talked to thousands of companies and seen our fair share of data warehouse and event-tracking setups. We’ve noticed 3 consistent problems:
They are a LOT of work to set up and maintain, especially for companies without dedicated data engineers. Google Analytics + BigQuery is the most common one we see, and that takes over 40 steps to configure (yes, we counted).
Data is often refreshed on a schedule instead of in real-time. You don’t want to wait 24 hours to find out a new feature or experiment is killing your metrics.
Pricing and performance are optimized for batch workloads. Refreshing experiment results frequently or exploring your data can become slow and costly.
This week, we’re excited to launch our new
Managed Warehouse
product on GrowthBook Cloud. We set out to solve all of these issues, and we’re super happy with the results:
One-click setup and zero maintenance. Doesn’t get much easier than that!
Data arrives within seconds, letting you quickly detect issues.
Queries are crazy fast and free (only pay for ingesting the data, not querying it)
Under the hood, this is powered by ClickHouse, an open-source database optimized for fast analytics at scale. You still get raw SQL access and all the other benefits of a true warehouse-native platform, just without the cost.
The first 2 million tracked events each month are free for Pro users, and we have super affordable usage-based pricing beyond that.
Feature usage analytics
GrowthBook Feature Usage Analytics showing live flag evaluation counts by assigned value over the past 15 minutes
This week, we’re also launching
Feature Usage Analytics
, which is designed to leverage many of the benefits of the new Managed Warehouse.
For each feature flag, you can see how often it's been evaluated, which values are being served, which rules are being hit, and more. This is a game-changer for feature flag management and makes debugging issues so much faster. As an added benefit, this helps you stay on top of tech debt by highlighting stale flags that are no longer in use.
So how does it work? The GrowthBook SDK sends an event to the Managed Warehouse every time a feature flag is evaluated in your app. This usage data is then aggregated and displayed within seconds.
For now, this is only available for the new Managed Warehouse on GrowthBook Cloud, but we plan to open it up to everyone eventually. If you are interested in this, but are self-hosting (or already have a data warehouse), let us know, and we can keep you in the loop!
Experiments
AI
Feature Flags
I started talking to my experiments with MCP. Here's what happened
June 24, 2025
Topics
Experiments
AI
Feature Flags
Release
Experiments
AI
Feature Flags
Featured
true
Body
AI is a terrible experimentation partner. It agrees with everything, suggests obvious ideas, and can’t do math. It’s an obsequious yes-man who assures you that changing the checkout button color will increase ARR by 100m.
And yet, a recent experience has me convinced it will usher in a fundamental shift in how we interact with our experimentation platforms.
Moment de sandwich
Full disclosure: I work for GrowthBook, an
experimentation platform
, but I don't run many experiments myself. My relationship with experimentation is like a chef who designs kitchens but doesn't cook—I build the tools, but I'm not in the trenches using them.
So when I was testing our new MCP Server (more on this shortly) with a sample data set, I wasn’t expecting any revelations. I was just doing QA, sandwich in one hand, typing into Claude Desktop with the other: “How are my experiments doing?”
Within seconds, I got back a breakdown of my last 100 experiments, sorted into winners, losers, what’s working, what’s not, and some helpful insights. For example, AI noticed November experiments tanked and connected it to holiday shopping behavior. When I asked what to test next, it suggested building on our mobile checkout wins. Nothing groundbreaking, but not terrible advice either.
Claude Desktop analyzing GrowthBook experiments via MCP, showing winners, losers, and insights from 30+ completed experiments
Watching this all unfold in a chat window, though, was a revelation. There wasn’t any navigation, clicking, form fields, or context switching. It made me question the expectation that experiments need to come to the platform. What if the platform came to them instead?
MCP makes it possible
You can’t just go to Claude or ChatGPT or any AI tool, ask how your experimentation program is doing, and expect an answer. It doesn’t have that information by default (and nor should it). What made it possible was the Model Context Protocol, or MCP.
The engineering world has been abuzz about MCP, which is an open standard for connecting AI tools to the “systems where data lives.” This phrase comes from Anthropic, which developed the standard and
announced it in late November 2024
. More concretely and in the context of this article, MCP makes it easy to connect AI tools like VS Code, Cursor, or Claude Desktop to your
experimentation platform
and the data that powers it.
I was able to ask nonchalantly about experiments because I had added
GrowthBook’s MCP Server
to Claude Desktop, which let the bot fetch my latest experiments and summarize the results. From there, using the same chat window, I could follow up with any question I wanted (even those I might be too self-conscious to ask our team’s data scientist).
But the party doesn’t stop there, especially when the MCP server is used in a code editor. Compare these processes for setting up a
feature flag
with a targeting condition:
The old way: Open GrowthBook, create a flag, fill fields, add targeting rules (eight clicks, three form fields). Switch to the code editor. Add flag. Forget the flag name. Switch back. Check the docs. Update the code again.
With MCP: Highlight code. Type: “Create a boolean flag with a force rule where users from France get false.” Done. Flag created, code updated, and no context switching required.
But MCP isn’t the death knell for experimentation platforms (which is great for me, as someone who works for one). Rather, it’s their evolution from rigid applications to fluid infrastructure. Sometimes you want a conversation, but other times it’s a dashboard or precise dropdowns with every option visible. The breakthrough is accessing your experimentation platform in whatever mode fits the moment.
What changes when platforms become fluid
What is it about experimentation via chat that’s so compelling? It feels natural. Julie Zhuo, former VP of Design at Facebook, explains that
it combines two interactions every human already knows—speaking naturally (since age two) and texting (25 billion messages sent daily)
. No learning curve or docs to read. Just describe what you want.
This matters more than it seems. Every dropdown menu, config screen, and nested navigation is a micro-barrier between thought and action. Conversational interfaces remove that friction entirely.
This opens up the possibility of experimentation
in media res.
Customer interview reveals a pain point? "Create an experiment testing whether removing this friction improves activation." Done, before the meeting ends.
When your platform is ambient—available through conversation, IDE, Slack, wherever—the gap between conception and execution becomes negligible.
Reality check
And yet. AI is still a terrible experimentation partner:
It's too agreeable. It'll encourage any idea, with the goal of pleasing you rather than improving your experimentation program. AI optimizes for your satisfaction, not your success rate.
Precision is optional. During a breakout session at
Experimentation Island 2025
on experimentation and AI, there was a consensus: AI has many uses in experimentation, but analysis isn't one of them. It often calculates based on vibes and shows its work post hoc, which it generates purely to please you (see point 1).
Complex operations overwhelm it. We tried adding full experiment creation to the GrowthBook MCP Server. It failed. Too many inputs (randomization unit, metrics, variants, flags, environments) in specific sequences. The AI would skip steps or force you to type every parameter, which defeats the purpose.
But like the first iPhone shipping without features we now deem indispensable (copy and paste, app store, video), these are temporary limitations. Prompts can be engineered, analyses can be improved, and MCP has been evolving quickly. (They recently introduced “
elicitations
” for handling complex multi-step inputs like those involved in experiment creation.)
The platform paradox
This isn’t just about making experimentation easier (though it does). It’s about changing when and how experimentation happens.
Right now, experimentation is something you do at your desk, in your platform, during "experiment planning time." Tomorrow, it'll be woven into every moment where product decisions happen. Code reviews, customer calls, shower thoughts—wherever ideas emerge, your experimentation platform will be there, in whatever form you need.
Ironically, as experimentation platforms become more fluid, they also become more essential.
When you can create tests from anywhere, you need a rock-solid infrastructure ensuring those tests are configured correctly and run flawlessly. When anyone can launch an experiment through chat, you need sophisticated governance and guardrails. The possibility of such fluid interactions means that the platform actually needs to do more. It’s the paradox of invisible infrastructure—the more seamless it is to use, the more sophisticated it must be underneath.
Meme illustrating the paradox that fluid conversational AI interfaces require increasingly sophisticated platform infrastructure underneath
The future isn't conversational AI replacing experimentation platforms. It's experimentation platforms becoming fluid enough to meet us wherever we are—through conversation when we're exploring, through visualizations when we're analyzing, through precise controls when we're configuring.
We get a preview of this future with MCP. Yes, it’s imperfect, occasionally frustrating, and limited in some crucial ways, but it’s also genuinely magical when it works. See what I mean by trying out our MCP Server with any of your favorite AI tools. Create flags with a single sentence or check experiments while having a sandwich. Ask the crazy questions you've been holding back. Feel better about yourself after hearing some of AI's god-awful test ideas.
When we build our platform, we obsess over features, workflows, and user journeys. We operate on the (admittedly reasonable) supposition that users need to come to the platform to experiment. My sandwich moment showed me a different foundation, one where the platform comes to you, so experimentation happens without the weight of “doing experimentation.”
Install
GrowthBook MCP Server
and experience it yourself.
Releases
Product Updates
4.0
GrowthBook launch month - Week 3
June 17, 2025
Topics
Releases
Product Updates
4.0
Release
Releases
Product Updates
4.0
Featured
true
Body
For week 3 of our Launch Month, we’re excited to announce the
SQL Explorer
!
GrowthBook SQL Explorer shows a built-in SQL editor with data visualization and saved results inside the platform
At GrowthBook, we love dogfooding our product (most of our launches this month started behind
feature flags
). Along the way, we kept running into a common frustration: answering simple data questions meant jumping into separate tools like Looker, Mode, or Tableau—just to write some quick SQL or generate a basic chart.
All of that context switching adds up, which is why we built
SQL Explorer
—a lightweight, built-in SQL editor that lets you
query your data, create visualizations
, and save results right inside of GrowthBook. It’s perfect for quick analyses without the overhead of a full BI platform. Check it out and let us know what you think.
We’ll be adding more features and integrating the SQL Explorer more deeply in the product in the coming weeks, so keep an eye out!
Releases
Product Updates
4.0
GrowthBook launch month - Week 2
June 9, 2025
Topics
Releases
Product Updates
4.0
Release
Releases
Product Updates
4.0
Featured
true
Body
This week is all about
insights
, the brand-new section in our sidebar. In there, you’ll find a revamped Executive Dashboard, new Learnings and Timeline pages, plus some powerful metric analyses to help you get the most out of your
experimentation program
. This section becomes more useful the more experiments you run, so if you need an excuse to run more tests, this is it!
Executive dashboard
GrowthBook Executive Dashboard showing experimentation program velocity, win rate, and cumulative metric impact by project
The brand new dashboard gives you a 10,000-foot view of your organization’s experimentation program. Quickly see your team’s velocity, win rate, and impact. Enterprise users can also select a metric to see the cumulative effect of all experiments run. Everything can be filtered by project and date range.
Learnings
GrowthBook Learnings page showing a searchable knowledge base of completed experiments with winning variations and result summaries
The Learnings page is a searchable knowledge base of every experiment your team has completed. For each experiment, see the winning variation, a summary of results, and other key details. This page is a great place for new team members to learn about what has been tried and what has and hasn’t worked.
Fun fact: This was the original reason we started GrowthBook and how we got our name. We envisioned a digital book of everything you’ve learned about growth.
Experiment timeline
GrowthBook Experiment Timeline showing experiments color-coded by status across overlapping date ranges
The Timeline page lets you visualize when experiments were running relative to one another. Experiments are color-coded by status (running, won, lost, etc.) and split up by phases. This is a valuable tool for managing your experimentation workflow, identifying bottlenecks in your process, and planning future tests.
Metric effects
GrowthBook Metric Effects showing the effect size distribution across all experiments that included a specific metric
Do a deep-dive for a given metric and see the range of effect sizes from all the experiments that included it. Use this to learn how easy/hard it is to move your metric in general and see which specific experiments had the biggest impact (both good and bad).
Metric correlations
GrowthBook Metric Correlations scatter plot showing how two metrics move in relation to each other across experiments
See how any 2 metrics tend to move in relation to each other within experiments. This is especially useful for identifying
proxy metrics
that are highly correlated with your long-term goals, but can get you results much faster.
We hope you find these new pages useful, and we look forward to hearing your feedback. See you again soon for our Week 3 launches!
Releases
Product Updates
4.0
GrowthBook launch month - Week 1
June 3, 2025
Topics
Releases
Product Updates
4.0
Release
Releases
Product Updates
4.0
Featured
true
Body
We have so many exciting projects we’re working on, we decided to do something a little different for this next release. June will be our official Launch Month! Every week, we’ll announce major new features and changes to GrowthBook that you can try out early, before the final release at the end of the month.
Let’s kick things off with the Week 1 launches:
GrowthBook MCP server
GrowthBook MCP Server enabling AI tools to create feature flags and check experiment results directly from an IDE
We launched the first-ever
MCP server for feature flagging and experimentation
! MCP (Model Context Protocol) allows AI tools to communicate and do actions directly with services like GrowthBook. Now you can use AI to create feature flags, check experiment results, clean up stale code, and more, directly within your IDE. Read our
announcement blog post
for more info and a demo.
Even safer rollouts
GrowthBook Safe Rollouts showing gradual traffic ramp-up with automatic rollback settings and guardrail monitoring
We made three big changes to
Safe Rollouts
to make them even safer:
Traffic now gradually ramps up from 10% to 100%
Results are checked more frequently at the start of a Safe Rollout (and less frequently the longer it’s running)
There’s a new setting to automatically roll back if any guardrails are failing or the data looks unhealthy
When combined, these changes help make your rollouts even safer by minimizing the user impact when things go wrong. As always, you can learn more about this
in our docs
.
Custom decision criteria
GrowthBook Custom Decision Criteria UI showing Clear Signals, Do No Harm, and Custom experiment shipping logic options
You can now customize the logic that powers our
Experiment Decision Framework
on a per-experiment basis.
Clear Signals
(the default) - Ship only with clear goal metric successes and no guardrail failures.
Do No Harm
- Ship so long as no guardrails and no goal metrics are failing. Useful if shipping costs are very low.
Custom
- Define your own fully custom decision criteria logic using our intuitive UI.
Check out
our docs
for more information.
Search filters
GrowthBook Search Filters showing feature flags and metrics filtered by project, owner, tag, and type
We’ve revamped the search experience within GrowthBook to make it easier to find feature flags and metrics. Easily filter by project, owner, tag, type, and more. The best part is that all of your filters are encoded in the URL, so once you find a view you like, you can easily get back to it or share it with your team. We’ll be rolling this out to other parts of the app soon.
Experiments
Analytics
Experiment decision framework for automated shipping recommendations
May 23, 2025
Topics
Experiments
Analytics
Release
Experiments
Analytics
Featured
true
Body
Experimenters often look at their
experiment results
and are unsure if there’s enough data to make a decision or what decision they should make. They’re often left asking: "Should I keep running my experiment?" and "Do my results meet my success criteria?”
The
Experiment Decision Framework (EDF)
solves this by automating both decisions.
It’s a set of customizable settings that automatically determines when your experiment has collected sufficient data and recommends what to do based on your predefined business criteria.
How it works
Target Minimum Detectable Effects (MDEs)
: Set the smallest effect size worth detecting for each metric. If a 2% conversion improvement isn't meaningful for your business, set your target MDE to 5%. The framework only renders decisions when you have enough statistical precision to reliably detect your target effect.
Decision Criteria
: Define shipping logic before you see results. Examples:
Ship if all goal metrics are statistically significant and positive
Ship unless any guardrail metrics are statistically significant and negative
Custom rules based on your business logic
Automated Status Updates
: Your experiment shows exactly where it stands:
"~7 days left"
- Need more data to reach target precision
"Ship now"
- Results meet your shipping criteria
"Roll back now"
- Results meet your rollback criteria
"Ready for review"
- Mixed results requiring human judgment
Overview of GrowthBook Experiment Decision Framework statuses including Ship Now, Roll Back, and Ready for Review
Real example
You're testing a checkout redesign with a 5% target MDE for conversion rate:
Day 10: Confidence interval of +3% to +11% for conversion rate Status:
Ship now
Reasoning: Goal metric is statistically significant and beneficial under "Clear Signals" decision criteria
The framework determined you have sufficient precision (interval width corresponds to your 5% target MDE) and the result meets your predefined shipping criteria.
GrowthBook Experiment Decision Framework example showing Ship Now status for a checkout redesign with positive conversion rate results
What this fixes
False positives
: Teams that ship as soon as an experiment reaches statistical significance, instead of waiting for a certain sample size, suffer from the peeking problem which results in too many false positives.
Inconsistent shipping decisions
: Without predefined criteria, teams make different decisions on similar results depending on business pressure or personal bias. Setting criteria upfront eliminates this inconsistency.
Low-powered experiments
: Many teams run experiments that can't reliably detect the effects they care about. Target MDEs force you to think about what's actually worth measuring
Setup
Available in
Settings → General → Experiment Settings
for Pro and Enterprise customers. Set organization defaults for target MDEs and decision criteria, then customize per experiment on the Experiment Overview tab.
The framework works best with 1-2 goal metrics. More metrics dramatically increase the time needed to reach target precision across all metrics.
Implementation notes
The decision framework uses your existing experiment data and statistical engine. It doesn't change how you run experiments—it just adds structured decision-making on top.
You can override target MDEs per metric and switch decision criteria per experiment. The framework respects your minimum experiment runtime setting and won't show decisions during early data collection periods.
The EDF is available now. Questions about implementation or edge cases? Reach out—we'd like to hear how you're using it.
📄 Check out the
Experiment Decision Framework
docs to learn more about how to set it up for your team.
Feature Flags
4.0
Product Updates
Find flags faster with search filters
May 21, 2025
Topics
Feature Flags
4.0
Product Updates
Release
Feature Flags
4.0
Product Updates
Featured
true
Body
You’re trying to find a
flag
but can’t for the life of you remember its name. You know it’s related to the new settings menu, but nothing’s coming up when you search your organization’s hundreds of flags created by different team members over the past few months.
You
do
remember that it’s a number flag, tied to an experiment, and currently on in production. With
Search Filters
, that’s all you need. Filter by type, rule, status, and more to narrow hundreds of flags down to just the 15 that match…
And there it is! You find the elusive
new-config-menu
flag.
Search Filters aren’t just for one-off hunts. They make it easy to find stale flags, live production toggles, and any flag with an experiment, force rule, or safe rollout. It’s a faster, cleaner way to wrangle flags across teams.
And if you’re a power user? When choosing different search filters, the search box updates in real time with the underlying syntax. That means you can learn the query format and skip the UI altogether for your next search. And once you start down that road,
check our docs for even more syntax options and examples
.
Search Filters
are live now on Cloud and will be included in our next release.
Feature Flags
Experiments
AI
Don't let vibe coding become vibe shipping
May 21, 2025
Topics
Feature Flags
Experiments
AI
Release
Feature Flags
Experiments
AI
Featured
true
Body
It’s estimated that over 40% of all new code is now written by AI, and that trend is likely to accelerate, leading to an exponential increase in the total code being shipped to production. This is not necessarily a net benefit for companies, though—who’s to say the extra code is actually helping the business? In the early 2000s, Yahoo added
exponentially more widgets
to their homepage, while Google kept things simple and we all know how that turned out.
Industry-wide, only about a third of product changes actually have a positive impact on a company’s core business metrics. The rest either do nothing to move the needle or can even be unintentionally harmful. Without proper measurement and safeguards, you could be vibe coding your way to a product no one wants to use.
This is not a new problem, and there is already an established solution from the pre-AI days.
Feature flags
and experiments have been used by all of the top companies for years to measure code changes in production and ship the ones that work while reverting the ones that don’t.
In this new vibe coding paradigm, feature flags are still the right way to release code, and
experimentation
is still the right way to measure impact and make the ship/revert decision. The solution is the same, but the scale of the problem is increasing exponentially.
The good news is that GrowthBook, the most popular open-source feature flag and experimentation platform, just launched 2 products tailored specifically for this new reality.
First are
Safe Rollouts
, which are super lightweight experiments that require much less developer involvement to set up and manage. Safe Rollouts gradually ramp up traffic to a feature while monitoring key guardrail metrics for regressions. If anything goes wrong, it can automatically revert the change and alert you. The goal is to make sure safety and experimentation don’t get in the way of increased velocity.
Second, we released the first-ever
MCP Server
for feature management and experimentation! Developers can now create feature flags, configure Safe Rollouts, monitor results, and more—all without ever leaving their IDE. This makes it trivially easy for developers to incorporate GrowthBook into their AI-driven development workflow.
This is one of the first real glimpses of what AI + developer tools can look like when they actually work together. We’re just getting started.
Read more about the GrowthBook MCP Server
.
Platform
Product Updates
4.0
AI
Introducing the first MCP server for experimentation and feature management
May 19, 2025
Topics
Platform
Product Updates
4.0
AI
Release
Platform
Product Updates
4.0
AI
Featured
true
Body
AI coding tools make it easy to write code and produce features much more quickly than ever before. But as we increase the amount of code we can create, we still need to ensure those features will work.
Don't let vibe coding become vibe shipping.
With the official
GrowthBook MCP Server
, you can add
feature flags
, safe rollouts,
A/B tests
, and more to your app without ever leaving your code editor. VS Code, Cursor, Windsurf, Claude—whatever you use, now it can talk directly to GrowthBook.
When adding flags is this easy, there’s no excuse for risky deployments.
What’s an MCP Server?
MCP
stands for
Model Context Protocol
, a standard that lets AI tools (like LLM editors) integrate with platforms like GrowthBook.
Most modern AI tools already support “tool calling,” the ability for an LLM to trigger specific developer-defined actions. MCP formalizes this into a plug-and-play protocol. So instead of writing custom glue code for every integration, AI tools and platforms can just connect over MCP and instantly work together.
GrowthBook’s MCP Server is the first complete example of this in the experimentation space. It’s open source, fully featured, and designed to streamline the way you work with feature flags and experiments.
For example, here we use the GrowthBook MCP to add a feature flag to our React app. The MCP Server creates the flag in GrowthBook, setting the flag type, default value, name, and more. It returns a direct link to the flag on GrowthBook, so you can quickly configure an experiment or safe rollout. Finally, the component code is updated to include the flag using the GrowthBook React SDK.
What you can do
The GrowthBook MCP Server currently supports 14 tools. Here are some highlights:
Create a new feature flag and insert it into your code
Set up a force rule for a flag, e.g., to restrict a feature to beta testers
Detect stale safe rollouts and remove them from your codebase
Generate type definitions for flags
Create and insert a new SDK Connection
Search GrowthBook docs from your editor
See the full list of Tools in the docs
.
Setup
Add the GrowthBook MCP Server to most AI tools with the following JSON:
‍
{
"mcpServers"
: {
"growthbook"
: {
"command"
:
"npx"
,
"args"
: [
"-y"
,
"@growthbook/mcp"
],
"env"
: {
"GB_API_KEY"
:
"YOUR_API_KEY"
,
"GB_USER"
:
"YOUR_NAME"
}
}
}
}
‍
For detailed installation instructions for specific AI tools,
see our docs
.
What’s next
It’s early days for MCP. As support grows for features like Resources and Prompting, we’ll be updating the GrowthBook MCP Server to take full advantage.
GrowthBook’s MCP Server is already super useful, but there is always more we can do. Like MCP, GrowthBook is
open source
. Try it, improve it—we’d love to see what you build.
Get started
The GrowthBook MCP Server is live and ready. Use it in Cursor, Claude, and VS Code, or anywhere that supports MCP.
Have ideas, bugs, or weird edge cases?
Open an issue
or find us on
Bluesky
or
LinkedIn
—we’d love to hear what you build.
Releases
3.6
Product Updates
GrowthBook version 3.6
May 1, 2025
Topics
Releases
3.6
Product Updates
Release
Releases
3.6
Product Updates
Featured
true
Body
This release includes an exciting new
feature flag rule
, a long-awaited addition to experimental results, an integration sure to make PMs happy, and much more! Keep reading for details.
Safe rollouts
Safe Rollout modal showing Ship Now and Revert Now states with guardrail metric monitoring
Introducing our newest type of feature flag rule—Safe Rollouts!
Safe Rollouts
let you gradually release a feature while monitoring guardrail metrics for regressions. It’s designed to be simple to use, so there’s no reason not to wrap it around every bit of code you release. In fact, we used Safe Rollouts to release Safe Rollouts in GrowthBook Cloud just this week. So meta!
Under the hood, Safe Rollouts uses sequential testing and one-sided confidence intervals to continuously monitor guardrail metrics and quickly detect harmful changes without inflating the false-positive rate.
We couldn’t wait to get this into your hands and hear your feedback, so this initial release is intentionally minimal. Don’t worry, though, we have a lot planned for the near future: automated ramp-ups (10% → 25% → 50% → 100%), time series view of results, deep dives, and more. Stay tuned!
Time series
Time Series view in experiment results showing how a metric has changed throughout the lifetime of an experiment
We’ve added one of our most requested features to experiment results: a
Time Series view
for metrics! Now you can expand any metric and see how it has changed throughout the lifetime of the experiment. The best part? We were able to add this without any additional (and expensive) SQL queries against your
data warehouse
, so it all comes at no extra cost.
Official Jira integration
Official Jira integration showing a linked GrowthBook feature with status visible directly in a Jira issue
We just launched our first official Jira integration! You can now install the GrowthBook app from the Atlassian Marketplace and easily link a feature or experiment to any Jira issue. See key details and up-to-date statuses directly in Jira without switching contexts.
Check out the
Jira Integration docs
to learn more and get started.
Decision framework events and API
Decision Framework showing a Ship Now recommendation with REST API and webhook support for custom workflows
In the previous release, we launched the
Experiment Decision Framework
to provide UI recommendations on when an experiment is ready to stop and which decision you should make (ship or roll back). In this release, we extended this info to both the REST API and Webhooks. That means you can get an alert in Slack whenever an experiment is ready to call or build your own custom workflows around these events.
Dev tools for SSR
Dev Tools browser extension showing SSR support with feature flag overrides persisted via cookie to the backend
Our
GrowthBook Dev Tools
browser extension has always been a great way to debug and QA feature flags, but it was limited to client-side applications only. We’re excited to finally bring the same developer experience to the back-end, starting with Server-Side Rendered (SSR) Javascript applications. All it requires is a few small changes to your back-end GrowthBook implementation.
So how does it work? When you override a feature flag, experiment, or attribute in DevTools, we persist the override in a cookie. This is sent to the back end and applied locally before the request is processed. Then, debug logs from the back-end SDK are injected into the rendered HTML and captured by DevTools.
Fact table JSON columns
It’s common to have a single shared “Events” table in your data warehouse where everything from page views to purchases is logged together. While a JSON blob column is a convenient way to store meta info about each event, it also makes it harder to query and use in
metric definitions
.
Fact Tables in GrowthBook now have native support for JSON columns. When creating metrics, you can easily reference nested fields in row filters and even use them as metric values. No more writing custom SQL filters and trying to remember the syntax.
Fun fact: Every single database engine decided to come up with its own syntax for querying JSON data, so we had to reimplement this feature 10+ different times.
👉 Find the
full release notes
on GitHub.
Feature Flags
Feature flagging at scale: 5 power tools you shouldn't skip
April 14, 2025
Topics
Feature Flags
Release
Feature Flags
Featured
true
Body
You've got 99 feature flags, and guess what? That
is
the problem.
And it's only the beginning.
Now your team has hundreds of developers, designers, and PMs. Your infrastructure is distributed across microservices, edge networks, and experimental AI side quests. Your users? They're accessing your app from a shiny MacBook Pro, or a beat-up 5-year-old Android, or—somehow—the seat-back screen of a Boeing 777 to Frankfurt.
How do you keep it all from breaking?
And when it
does
break—because, let's be real—it will... how do you figure out
why
?
In this post, we'll walk through 5 can't-miss tools to help you
scale your feature flagging
operation without losing your sanity. If you're serious about progressive delivery, safe rollouts, and not making your team overly sweaty on each release, this one's for you.
1. Prerequisites: flags on flags on flags
Most modern feature flagging platforms (GrowthBook included) let you
target features by audience segments
. For example:
Internal QA testers on desktop in Canada
Pro users on mobile who've made 5+ orders in the last 3 months
Beta testers who DM'd your CEO on X
Cool, right?
But what about when one feature depends on another?
Let's say you're prepping your long-awaited
3.0.0 release
. It includes:
New settings UI
Fresh checkout flow
Product carousels that aren't garbage
Dark mode (#1 requested feature)
You want to flip the whole release on with a single flag—but keep the ability to turn off any part if it breaks.
That's where
prerequisite flags
come in. You create a
release-3-0-0
flag, and make each individual feature (settings menu, checkout, etc.)
depend on
that release flag. This way, no part of the release goes live unless
release-3-0-0
is true. If something starts throwing errors? Toggle that one feature off without touching the rest.
How to do it in GrowthBook:
Create the top-level flag (
release-3-0-0
).
Set it to false in your
production environment
but true in dev.
Create a dependent flag like
new-settings-menu
.
Add
release-3-0-0
as a prerequisite. Done.
Setting a prerequisite feature flag in GrowthBook to control a bundled release
release-3-0-0 flag set as a prerequisite for the settings-menu flag
Still curious?
Check out the docs
or watch an explainer video with Clippy 📎
2. Simulation & archetypes: know what your flags will do before they do it
Here's a real flag rule we've seen (truth be told, it's actually simplified here):
Kill switch is off
Account age > 30 days
Region isn't restricted
User isn't in an override list
Country is GB
A/B test returns true
Yikes. This is already complex—and you know Joey from Marketing has some other targeting they're itching to add.
How do you understand at a glance how this flag will evaluate without feeling like Charlie:
Meme showing the complexity of debugging feature flag rules without simulation tools
In GrowthBook,
Simulation
lets you plug in attributes—like country, browser, etc.—and instantly see the flag's result. You'll know
before
you ship whether a rule will work or explode.
See how features evaluate with simulation
But adding in those attributes time and again becomes tedious fast.
Archetypes
are a solution to that pain, letting you save common user types (like "internal tester" or "new mobile pro user") and then easily see how any flag is evaluated for them.
GrowthBook Archetypes overview showing flag evaluations across multiple saved user types
💡
Head to
SDK Configuration → Archetypes → Simulate
to get a bird’s-eye view of all flag evaluations for any given user type.
3. Dev tools: see what your flags are up to in the wild
You've tested internally, you've simulated, and your flag has gone live. But wait—your teammate says they can't see it. There's the ping from QA. And support says users can't find the promised dark mode and if they can't dark mode, what's the point?
Time to start the arduous debugging process...
Meme about discovering a major bug and being glad you have GrowthBook Dev Tools
GrowthBook Dev Tools
, a browser extension for
Chrome
and
Firefox
, is here to help 💁
With Dev Tools, you can:
Inspect live flag values in your app
See experiment variations and why they were assigned
View current user attributes
Override values to test different states
Lots more!
Dev Tools works with most frontend SDKs (just make sure
enableDev: true
is set in your config). Support for some backend SDKs coming soon.
See the full walkthrough 📼 to learn more:
4. Staleness detection: clean up your crusty old flags
You launched a feature 2 months ago. The flag's still in production, but no one knows why. And now it's silently directing 100% of traffic to Variation A ... and nothing else 😐
That's a
stale flag
, and it's building up tech debt that's sure to cause confusion, bugs, and more work down the line.
GrowthBook detects staleness automatically.
If a flag hasn't been touched in a while and is sending all users to the same variant, you'll see a clock icon in the
Flags
view. (Hover over the icon to learn why it's stale.)
GrowthBook feature flags list with stale flag detection column highlighted
By alerting you to stale flags, GrowthBook helps you keep your features current and your codebase clean.
🧠
More on how staleness detection works
5. Code refs: find your flags in the actual codebase
Your PM wants to delete the
new-headline-cta
flag. Is it still used in the frontend? Backend? Nowhere? 🤷
Instead of grepping through every repo, use
Code References
in GrowthBook.
GrowthBook Code References showing where a feature flag is used across repos with file names and line numbers
It shows you:
Repos and file names
Line numbers and code snippets
Links to the exact spot in your code
To enable it:
Add the
GitHub Action
(GitLab and other platforms supported, too!)
Go to
Settings → Feature Settings → Code References
and enable.
Make cleaning up flags suck a little bit less.
GrowthBook settings page for enabling Code References via GitHub Action
Feature flags are pretty much a necessity for modern software development—but you gotta keep them under control. As your app (and your team) grows, so does the complexity. The tools above will help you stay ahead of it all.
👉 Want to try them out for yourself?
Start for free
or
say hi on Slack
.
Subscribe to the Uplift
Ready to ship faster?
No credit card required. Start with feature flags, experimentation, and product analytics — free.
Get Started
Book a Demo
GrowthBook is the warehouse-native platform for experimentation, feature flags, and product analytics trusted by AI-native product teams at 3,000+ companies worldwide.
Product
Feature Flags
Experiments
Product Analytics
MCP Server
Integrations
Agent-Ready
AI Visual Editor
new
Pricing
Solutions
Developers
Data Analysts
Product Managers
Growth Teams
Fintech
Healthtech
Edtech
AI Software
Platform
Warehouse Native
Self-Hosted
Security
Compare
Why GrowthBook
Resources
Docs
Blog
Podcast
Events
Slack Community
Insights
Customer Stories
Get Started for Free
Company
About
Careers
Contact Us
Legal
©2026 GrowthBook, Inc.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
