# https://ablyft.com/en/features/productivity
ABlyft - Productivity
Login
Try for free
Home
Features
Features Overview
Data Protection & Privacy Compliance
Productivity
Performance
ABlyft Lumen (AI)
Pricing
Talk to us
en
Deutsch (DE)
English (EN)
Productivity
From the small agency to the enterprise, it always remains fast and clear. With a strong focus on developers and an easy to use powerful visual editor you are capable of testing any of your ideas.
Find out more
Dedicated to Experimentation
- Focus on Testing, not Workarounds
Our A/B testing platform was developed directly from the real world. All features come from practice and support you and your team to implement your ideas in the most effective way.
No Limitations
- as many Projects, Experiments and Goals as you need
With ABlyft, you have an A/B testing platform that never slows you down. Large companies with many test developers and even more ideas use ABlyft without being limited in the number of projects/websites, experiments or KPIs.
Clear Overview and simple Flows
- for agile Experimentation
Even when working intensively with the platform, you always keep the overview. Clear flows support you from the creation of experiments, through a clear QA workflow and debug options.
What
Developers & Marketeers
love about ABlyft
Developers of A/B tests want to focus on creating experiments as much as possible. ABlyft is a reliable platform focused on experienced developers. There are solutions for everything and everything has its place.
flexible structuring of projects
developer focused platform
total flexibility in targeting (pages, audiences, environments)
powerful (and developer friendly) visual editor
Features Overview
What
Project Managers
love about ABlyft
As a project manager for A/B tests, you need an overview of the current status as clear as possible. ABlyft supports project managers and does not slow them down.
always keeping the overview (and stay informed)
tracking to any analysis tool
running experiments in parallel
ability to customize it to their own needs
Features Overview
Endless Integrations
Connect to
any third-party
tool with ABlyft. As long as it has a JS tracker, you can also use your results here.
Default Integrations
The most popular tool providers can be used with just one click. Activate and the data will be send.
Custom Integrations
To use your own integration, the JavaScript of the provider can simply be copied and filled with placeholders.
The A/B testing platform that meets your
data protection requirements
, delivers experiments at
lightning speed
, and provides the
best options
for implementing your experiments - with or without AI features.
Plus it's affordable.
Experimentation Platform
Features Overview
Data Protection & Privacy Compliance
Productivity
Performance
Company
Talk to us
Legal Notice
Privacy Notice
Useful Links
Documentation
Auf Deutsch ansehen
© 2026 ABlyft
®
. Made with
for A/B-Testing by
Conversion Expert GmbH
.
