# https://kameleoon.com/blog/announcing-kameleoons-soc-2-compliance
Announcing Kameleoon’s SOC 2 compliance | Kameleoon
Login
English
Select your language
English
Français
Deutsch
Platform
PROMPT-BASED EXPERIMENTATION
Optimize any website by chatting with PBX, Kameleoon’s AI.
Learn more
SOLUTIONS
Experimentation
Feature Management
KEY Features & add-ons
Mobile App Testing
Recommendations & Search
Personalization
specialities
AI in Experimentation
Single Page Application
Data Security & Privacy
Data Accuracy
Integrations & API
Partners Program
Support
Product Roadmap
Solutions
for all teams
Marketing
Product
Engineering
Data Scientists
For INDUSTRIES
Healthcare
Travel & Tourism
Financial Services
Media & Entertainment
E-commerce
B2B
Automotive
Samsung gains autonomy and speed in its most advanced tests with PBX
read the success story
Plans
Resources
Customers
Book a demo
Book a demo
Quick links
Heading 2
Book a demo
Book a demo
All resources
Announcing Kameleoon’s SOC 2 compliance
Announcing Kameleoon’s SOC 2 compliance
Nicholas Bevilacqua
Published on
April 10, 2024
Article
As part of our mission to provide full transparency on our cybersecurity posture, Kameleoon is pleased to announce that, in addition to renewing our ISO 27001 certification, we are also now compliant with SOC 2. This newest development ensures our customers, their data, and their A/B testing experiments are protected at the highest degree. Be sure to
visit our Security Portal
to learn more about our other security initiatives and credentials.
Kameleoon is now SOC 2 compliant
Earning SOC 2 is part of Kameleoon's promise to be uncompromisingly serious about keeping client data safe. Developed by the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA)
, SOC 2 is validated by a rigorous evaluation and audit process which confirms that all required infrastructure components, security measures, and processes are in place.
And getting this stamp of cybersecurity approval is no walk in the park. Unlike ISO 27001 or similar standards, SOC 2 is unique to our organization and assesses the effectiveness of our controls over time. In order to qualify, we need to prove we are committed to maintaining the highest degree of cybersecurity standards on an ongoing basis.
Jimmy Passemard, Kameleoon’s Chief Information Security Officer, explains why SOC 2 compliance is important and how it benefits our clients:
What motivated Kameleoon to pursue SOC 2 compliance?
Jimmy Passemard:
"The decision to pursue SOC 2 compliance was driven by our commitment and our responsibility to protect our clients' data. SOC 2 is a gold standard for data security and privacy that aligns perfectly with our security strategy. It assures our clients that we are operating in accordance with the highest standards for data protection."
Can you walk us through the SOC 2 compliance process at Kameleoon?
Jimmy Passemard:
“The SOC 2 compliance process was thorough, involving several key steps. First, we defined the scope by deciding on the Trust Service Criteria that were relevant to our services. Then, we conducted analysis to identify alignment areas for the SOC 2 standard. This was followed by a phase in which we made sure that our ISMS was formatted to address SOC 2 expectations. Finally, we engaged with an accredited auditing firm to assess our practices over a set period, leading to the completion of our SOC 2 Type II audit."
How does achieving SOC 2 compliance impact Kameleoon's clients?
Jimmy Passemard:
"Achieving SOC 2 compliance has a significant positive impact on our clients. It provides them with the assurance that their data is handled securely and in compliance with the strictest standards. This trust is fundamental, especially when dealing with sensitive customer data and global enterprise organizations."
Looking ahead, how will Kameleoon maintain SOC 2 compliance?
Jimmy Passemard:
"Our goal is to not just maintain compliance but to set new benchmarks for security and reliability in the digital experimentation space. Maintaining SOC2 compliance is an ongoing commitment. We plan to continue our regular audits, constantly update our security practices, and stay ahead of evolving threats. Additionally, we're always exploring advanced security technologies and methodologies to further enhance our security posture."
Kameleoon has also renewed ISO 27001 certification
In addition to our SOC2 compliance, Kameleoon has also renewed our ISO 27001 certification -
first awarded in 2022.
This globally recognized standard specifies the requirements for establishing, implementing, maintaining, and continuously improving an information security management system.
Kameleoon’s certification in this program highlights our systematic approach to managing sensitive company and customer information, ensuring it remains secure. It encompasses people, processes, and IT systems for a holistic approach to information security.
Confirming our ISO 27001 certification is a testament to Kameleoon's dedication to providing our web and feature experimentation clients with utmost quality service. In addition to reinforcing our commitment to business excellence, ISO 27001 certification reassures our clients that we are managing information security risks effectively.
What SOC 2 and ISO 27001 means for Kameleoon clients
For Kameleoon clients, SOC 2 and ISO 27001 certifications are more than just badges on our website. They provide your team with assurance that you can trust Kameleoon with your most sensitive data, today and in the future. This allows your team to focus on what’s important, whether you’re running web, product, or mobile app experiments, or personalizing user experiences, leaving the worry about data security to Kameleoon.
And, since malicious actors aren’t just after sensitive customer information, SOC 2 and ISO 27001 certifications also hold significant implications for the broader A/B testing landscape.They're also targeting the very core of your experimentation strategies with an aim to undermine your competitive edge.
This is how working with third-party providers lacking SOC2 and ISO certifications exposes your business to considerable risks, risks which can lead to data breaches, regulatory penalties and reputational damage. By choosing a SaaS; platform like Kameleoon, businesses not only safeguard their data, but also fortify their A/B testing endeavors against potential threats. Ultimately this helps ensure the integrity and security of their experimentation processes.
Learn more about Kameleoon’s security and compliance practices
If you are a Kameleoon customer or are considering switching to our platform, take a look at Kameleoon’s
Security Portal
to learn more about our commitment to cybersecurity. In addition to SOC 2 and ISO 27001, Kameleoon is also CCPA, GDPR, PCI DSS and HIPAA compliant.
Explore our resources
The page brands waste the most budget testing
A/B testing
Article
How Fanatics could improve navigation using PBX
AI
Article
Three A/B tests on the wrong problem
A/B testing
Article
before ai
Experiment your way
Get the key to staying ahead in the world of experimentation.
[Placeholder text - Hubspot will create the error message]
Submit
Thanks for submitting the form.
Newsletter
Platform
Experimentation
Feature Management
PBX Free-Trial
Mobile App Testing
Product Reco & Merch
Data Accuracy
Data Privacy & Security
Single Page Application
AI Personalization
Integrations
guides
A/B testing
Prompt-Based Experimentation
Feature Flagging
Personalization
Feature Experimentation
AI for A/B testing
Client-Side vs Server-Side
plans
Pricing
MTU vs MAU
Industries
Healthcare
Financial Services
E-commerce
Automotive
Travel & Tourism
Media & Entertainment
B2B & SaaS
TEAMS
Marketing
Product
Developers
Resources
Customers Stories
Academy
Dev Docs
Product Roadmap
Calculator
Who’s Who
compare us
Optimizely
VWO
AB Tasty
partners
Our Partner Ecosystem
Become a Partner
Integrations Directory
Partners Directory
company
About Us
Careers
Contact Us
Support
legal
Terms of use and Service
Privacy Policy
Legal Notice & CSU
PCI DSS
© Kameleoon — 2026 All rights Reserved
Legal Notice & CSU
Privacy policy
PCI DSS
Platform Status
