# https://www.kameleoon.com/eol-policy
End of Life (EOL) Policy | Kameleoon
Login
English
Select your language
English
Français
Deutsch
Platform
PROMPT-BASED EXPERIMENTATION
Optimize any website by chatting with PBX, Kameleoon’s AI.
Learn more
SOLUTIONS
Experimentation
Feature Management
KEY Features & add-ons
Mobile App Testing
Recommendations & Search
Personalization
specialities
AI in Experimentation
Single Page Application
Data Security & Privacy
Data Accuracy
Integrations & API
Partners Program
Support
Product Roadmap
Solutions
for all teams
Marketing
Product
Engineering
Data Scientists
For INDUSTRIES
Healthcare
Travel & Tourism
Financial Services
Media & Entertainment
E-commerce
B2B
Automotive
Samsung gains autonomy and speed in its most advanced tests with PBX
read the success story
Plans
Resources
Customers
Book a demo
Book a demo
Quick links
Heading 2
End of Life (EOL) Policy
Last updated March 2025
Kameleoon constantly improves its SDKs & APIs and guarantees their performance and security. As an established part of a product life cycle, Kameleoon clearly states End of Life (EOL) milestones to allow Clients to plan accordingly with their business operations. Kameleoon makes the process as non-disruptive as possible, with advanced notice and a transparent End of Life (EOL) Policy detailed below.
1. General Upgrade Policy
At the time of a new release, a notification will be sent to all customers by email and with an in-app message that a new version is available including the change log of what was added or fixed and with a mention that the deprecated API or SDK version, at 12 months, may be blocked from connecting to the service and may no longer receive feature flag and experiment updates.
For SDK, at the time of a new major or minor version, Kameleoon will publish the release in the SDK’s public repository and will update the changelog to reflect what was added or fixed.
For API, an in-app notification will be sent to all customers including the change log of what was added or fixed.
At 12 months the deprecated versions will no longer be supported and applications using the older versions may be blocked from connecting to the Kameleoon service.
2. Priority Upgrade Policy
A priority upgrade will be required if there is an issue discovered that impacts Kameleoon’s ability to maintain the quality of delivery of our service. If a priority upgrade is required for one of our APIs or SDKs, the old versions will be supported for 6 months from the time of release of the new version.
At the time of the new release, an email and in-app message will be sent to all customers using the existing API version or specific SDK that a new version is available to address the issue and include appropriate details of the impact of the issue. This notification will also outline the timeline for required action. The request will be made to upgrade to the new version as soon as possible with an offer of assistance from the Kameleoon Support team.
After 3 months the deprecated API or SDK version will be blocked from connecting to the service and will no longer receive feature flag and experiment updates.
3. Critical Upgrade Policy
A critical upgrade will be limited to changes that are required to remediate security, data protection or issues impacting the overall stability of our platform which prevents Kameleoon’s ability to maintain the quality of delivery of our service for all our customers.
Old versions of the concerned API or SDK will be supported for 7 days from release of the new version, then deprecated, at which point connections from the previous versions will be refused.
At the time of the new release, an email and in-app message will be sent to all customers using the existing API version or SDK that a new version is available to address a critical issue and include appropriate details of the impact of the critical issue. Instructions will be provided on how to upgrade to the new version as soon as possible. Our Technical Support and Customer Success team will work with all affected customers until upgrades are fully completed.
Experiment your way
Get the key to staying ahead in the world of experimentation.
[Placeholder text - Hubspot will create the error message]
Submit
Thanks for submitting the form.
Newsletter
Platform
Experimentation
Feature Management
PBX Free-Trial
Mobile App Testing
Product Reco & Merch
Data Accuracy
Data Privacy & Security
Single Page Application
AI Personalization
Integrations
guides
A/B testing
Prompt-Based Experimentation
Feature Flagging
Personalization
Feature Experimentation
AI for A/B testing
Client-Side vs Server-Side
plans
Pricing
MTU vs MAU
Industries
Healthcare
Financial Services
E-commerce
Automotive
Travel & Tourism
Media & Entertainment
B2B & SaaS
TEAMS
Marketing
Product
Developers
Resources
Customers Stories
Academy
Dev Docs
Product Roadmap
Calculator
Who’s Who
compare us
Optimizely
VWO
AB Tasty
partners
Our Partner Ecosystem
Become a Partner
Integrations Directory
Partners Directory
company
About Us
Careers
Contact Us
Support
legal
Terms of use and Service
Privacy Policy
Legal Notice & CSU
PCI DSS
© Kameleoon — 2026 All rights Reserved
Legal Notice & CSU
Privacy policy
PCI DSS
Platform Status
