# https://kameleoon.com/plans
Plan page | Kameleoon
Login
English
Select your language
English
Français
Deutsch
Platform
PROMPT-BASED EXPERIMENTATION
Optimize any website by chatting with PBX, Kameleoon’s AI.
Learn more
SOLUTIONS
Experimentation
Feature Management
KEY Features & add-ons
Mobile App Testing
Recommendations & Search
Personalization
specialities
AI in Experimentation
Single Page Application
Data Security & Privacy
Data Accuracy
Integrations & API
Partners Program
Support
Product Roadmap
Solutions
for all teams
Marketing
Product
Engineering
Data Scientists
For INDUSTRIES
Healthcare
Travel & Tourism
Financial Services
Media & Entertainment
E-commerce
B2B
Automotive
Samsung gains autonomy and speed in its most advanced tests with PBX
read the success story
Plans
Resources
Customers
Book a demo
Book a demo
pricing
Get the right plan for your team
Start for free. Grow affordably. Only buy what you need.
PBX Starter - Free Trial
Test PBX (Prompt-Based Experimentation) and discover how it works.
Free
30 days. No credit card required.
Build up to 3 experiments.
START FOR FREE
PBX Starter
Build experiments in minutes using PBX (Prompt-Based Experimentation)
Starting from
$495/month
Build up to 10 experiments and test 50,000 visitors per month.
GET STARTED
Full access to
Prompt-Based Experimentation (PBX)
Sequential Testing
40+ segmentation criteria
Mutually Exclusive Group / Holdout
Multiple Testing Correction
SRM detection
Unlimited Metrics and Audiences
Academy, Slack & documentation
Figma Integration
COMPARE PLANS
Enterprise
Assemble a plan that works for all your
teams.
Custom
Unlimited Experiments. Unlimited tested traffic. Advanced capabilities.
CONTACT US
Add extra capabilities to Starter
Feature Management & Rollout
Feature Experimentation
Personalization
Mobile App Testing
JS/CSS Code Editor
Contextual & MAB Bandits
CUPED
Unlimited Teams
Dedicated support team
COMPARE PLANS
Kameleoon plans always deliver
Enterprise level performance
No matter the traffic, enjoy 99.99% uptime and a snippet that loads under 70 ms.
Native 2-way integrations
Connect your preferred tools to native integrations built to read and write.
Real time, accurate data
Safely run and analyze concurrent tests targeting precise audiences.
Security and Privacy
Private cloud, end-to-end encryption, GDPR and HIPAA compliance, and SSO.
Compare feature & plans
PBX STarter
enterprise
Experimentation
PBX - Build
Access to Prompt-Based Experiments
PBX - Ideate
PBX - Figma Integration
Product experimentation
Server-side testing
Mobile app testing
Access to Mobile App Testing
Multivariate experiments (MVT)
Access to graphic editor to build MVT experiments
Target by using 40+ user properties
Access to advanced behavioral targeting
Advanced Personalization
Access to Personalization advanced features (prioritization, multiple rules..)
Dedicated Code Editor
Access to Code Editor to build experiments with JavaScript / CSS
Widget Studio
Access to the Widget Studio freemium version. Premium on demand
Scheduling
Schedule an experiment to automatically start and stop
Feature Management & Rollout
Targeted delivery rules
Target by segment, behavior, or user custom data
Progressive delivery rules
Percentage-based rollouts or set pre-defined stages and timelines for rollouts
Automatic rollback
Rollback based on KPIs performances
Dynamic variables
Change feature flags parameters during run-time
Real-time streaming architecture
Instantly update feature flags configuration
Custom bucketing
Choose the bucketing key of your choice
Environments
Configure an unlimited number of environments
Approval workflows
Low-code front-end tracking
Access to Kameleoon Hybrid implementation to track events front-end side
Technical Debt Management
OpenFeature SDKs
Advanced experimentation features
Multi-Armed Bandit
Access to Multi-Armed Bandit
Contextual Bandit
Access to Contextual Bandit
Holdouts
Access to holdouts
Analytics
Custom Homepage
AI-powered learning and recommendations
Access to AI reporting learnings and recommendations
AI Opportunity Detection
Access to unlimited opportunities in non-conclusive experiments
Custom views
Create an unlimited numbers of experiment reporting views
Health checks
5 automated checks (tracking, conversions, SRM, crossover exposition, etc.)
Alerts
Create alerts and be notified by email
Raw Data Export
Up to 1m units. Unlimited on demand.
Live events
Access to live events to debug tracking and experiment events
Audiences analysis
Analyse segments performance and experiments impacts
Sequential testing
Frequentist method
Bayesian method
Multiple Testing Correction
CUPED
Outliers management
Ratio metrics
Measure the ratio of two metrics (eg. Revenue / add to cart).
Interaction effect detection
Automatically detect interaction effects of concurrent experiments
Analyse by Visit / Visitor or identified User
Filters / Breakdowns
Filter or breakdown by 20+ criteria
Goals metadata
Associate custom metadata to any metric
Platform Management
Projects (website, mobile app, environment)
Number of projects
1 project
Unlimited
Users
Number of users
Unlimited
Unlimited
Teams
Allow team creation and management
Unlimited
MTUs / MUVs
Number of Monthly Tracked Users or Monthly Unique Visitors
50,000 MTUs
Unlimited
AI Credits
Number of AI Credits
30 or 100 or 200 credits/month
30 or 100 or 200 credits/month
Data residency
EU or US
EU or US or Custom
On-Premise setup
Self-host Kameleoon script. On-premise custom setup
Custom
Early access to betas
Change logs
Support and Services
Slack community and Academy
AI Assist
Customer support
1 day business response SLA
Dedicated CSM & TAM
Customer Advisory Board
Professional services & training
Security
Single Sign On
Custom
Maximum sign in attempts
Access to "Block the user account after a number of wrong attempts"
Automatic sign out
Access to "Sign the user out of Kameleoon after 15 minutes of idle time"
IP whitelist
Access to "Restrict Kameleoon access to certain IP addresses"
MFA
Access to "Enable Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) for all Users"
HIPAA and BAA
Force password reset
Access to "Activate forced password regeneration"
Other
JavaScript API
Access to Kameleoon APIs to code experiments
Data API
Access to Kameleoon Data API to ingest offline conversions or build custom data bridges
Automation API
Access to kameleoon Automation API to interacts with our platform
Microsoft Visual Studio Extension
Shopify extension
Debug assistant Chrome extension
Premium add-ons
AI Targeting
Automatically score users by conversion intent
Data Warehouse - Audiences targeting
Import audiences from Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift, Databricks
Data Warehouse - Metrics ingestion
Import metrics from Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift, Databricks
Data Warehouse - Exposure events
Export exposure events to Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift, Databricks
Product Reco & Merch, Search
FAQ
What is Prompt-Based Experimentation (PBX) and how does it work?
Prompt-Based Experimentation (PBX) is a new way to ideate, build, configure, analyze, and launch experiments. With PBX, you simply describe the web changes you want to test in natural language. AI then generates a variation and launches the experiment, without code or WYSIWYG editors.
Is prompt-based experimentation just an upgrade to the graphic editor?
No. Prompt-based experimentation leapfrogs visual editors entirely. It uses natural language to build, configure, and analyze experiments, making frontend testing more powerful and accessible than ever.
How does the Starter plan compare to the Enterprise plan?
Our Starter plan includes a free trial with limited credits and Monthly Tracked Users. Upgrading to the full Starter plan gives you additional prompt credits and lets you run tests on more traffic. The Enterprise plan scales with your traffic needs and provides advanced capabilities, integrations, and enterprise-grade support. All plans include Kameleoon’s top performance, real-time data, and robust security features.
Do I need to install a script on my website to get started?
No. You can start designing and building experiments right away without installing any script on your website. However, you’ll need to install the PBX extension on your Chrome browser.(https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/kameleoon-prompt-based-ex/eppgaaffepbibmnbaoodmilbhnmphchp)
What is a “credit” and when does it get consumed?
Every time your prompt, one credit is consumed. Your free trial includes enough credits to explore all key features. If you have a promo code for more credits, you can enter it under the Organization page on your account. On average, our users builds an experiment by using 3 credits. contact@kameleoon.com for any questions!
Can prompt-based experimentation eliminate the need for developers?
PBX heavily reduces the need for developer involvement in each test, but developers should remain essential collaborators for quality, scale, and integration across teams.
Does prompt-based experimentation decide what to test for you?
You can ask PBX to generate optimization ideas for you, then choose and implement the ones you prefer or request new suggestions. The more specific you are about your goals, the better the ideas PBX will generate.
Can I see my current usage level or get alerts if I exceed the limit?
Yes. You can track your usage, including credits and MTUs (for Starter plans), directly on the platform or reach out to your account manager for detailed insights.
What happens if I go over my tested traffic?
At 90% of your quota, you’ll be notified by email and in-app. At 100%, experiments stop running. For more flexibility, our Enterprise plan—based on Monthly Unique Visitors over the last 12 months—offers unlimited experiments.contact@kameleoon.com for any questions!
What happens to my tests after the free trial?
Your tests and data are NOT saved. You can upgrade anytime to keep running experiments without interruption.
Is prompt-based experimentation a replacement for Figma or CMS tools?
No. PBX helps you create test-ready experiment versions by chatting with AI, but it’s not a replacement for your design or CMS tools. PBX also integrates with Figma, allowing you to use your mockups to inform exactly what you want PBX to build.
Do you offer discounts if we sign up for Experimentation and Feature Management & Rollout?
Yes, opting for both reduces the overall cost compared to purchasing each product separately, offering you better value. We also offer discounts based on contract length and other considerations, allowing you to save more with longer commitments.
Experiment your way
Get the key to staying ahead in the world of experimentation.
[Placeholder text - Hubspot will create the error message]
Submit
Thanks for submitting the form.
Newsletter
Platform
Experimentation
Feature Management
PBX Free-Trial
Mobile App Testing
Product Reco & Merch
Data Accuracy
Data Privacy & Security
Single Page Application
AI Personalization
Integrations
guides
A/B testing
Prompt-Based Experimentation
Feature Flagging
Personalization
Feature Experimentation
AI for A/B testing
Client-Side vs Server-Side
plans
Pricing
MTU vs MAU
Industries
Healthcare
Financial Services
E-commerce
Automotive
Travel & Tourism
Media & Entertainment
B2B & SaaS
TEAMS
Marketing
Product
Developers
Resources
Customers Stories
Academy
Dev Docs
Product Roadmap
Calculator
Who’s Who
compare us
Optimizely
VWO
AB Tasty
partners
Our Partner Ecosystem
Become a Partner
Integrations Directory
Partners Directory
company
About Us
Careers
Contact Us
Support
legal
Terms of use and Service
Privacy Policy
Legal Notice & CSU
PCI DSS
© Kameleoon — 2026 All rights Reserved
Legal Notice & CSU
Privacy policy
PCI DSS
Platform Status
