# https://www.kameleoon.com/pbx-ideate
High-impact test ideas in 3 clicks with Kameleoon
BOOK A DEMO
Get Early Access to pbx ideate
Identify and build high-impact test ideas in 3 clicks.
Be the first to have test ideas generated and launched with PBX in just a few clicks.
Invite-only, 5 spots open each week.
Valid Email is required.
Join the waitlist
[Placeholder text - HubSpot will replace this with form submitting text]
Thanks for submitting the form.
With PBX, building a b tests has become so easy that knowing what to test has become your real advantage. Because no matter the size of your company, your traffic is still a limited resource and you can't test everything. That's why we're so excited to partner with Conversion by Gain, the leading experimentation agency to introduce test ideation as part of PBX. So let's take a look at how it works. So to start, you'll just provide your page's URL to have it scanned. After a few minutes, your hypotheses will be ready for your review. You'll see a summary of the hypothesis as well as its corresponding test idea. Our AI agent has scored each test idea and flags the one that's most likely to drive measurable impact. You can read more about the insights backing each hypothesis. Test ideation is using learnings from over twenty zero experiments to find the ideas that are most likely to win. In fact, our test ideas are up to three times more likely to produce a positive result than the industry benchmark. Now down here, you'll see the recommended test idea, and it further breaks down into the variations that you can create to validate or invalidate this hypothesis. Choose the one that you'd like to move forward with, and you can just pick the high priority ideas and build them instantly with PBX. You don't even need to write a prompt. It's already done for you. All you need to do is hit submit. It's that easy to go from idea to launching a test in just a few clicks. Test ideation is the first set of AI agents that mimics a CRO expert by scanning your pages and recommending tests based on a rigorous framework and deep contextual insights, resulting in a b tests that are three times more likely to succeed. If you wanna be among the first to try it, join our wait list today.
Don’t waste your traffic
Make the most of your website's traffic to launch tests that tell you the most about your customers. PBX Ideate identifies test ideas that have the highest chance to succeed.
+20K
experiments power our AI learnings and insights.
3x
more likely to generate a positive result than the industry benchmark.
FAQ
Why should I use Kameleoon PBX Ideate?
We’ve seen that fewer than 20% of experiments launched deliver a positive outcome. Teams burn time and traffic on low-impact ideas, vague intuitions, and loosely-formed hypotheses. With PBX Ideate, Kameleoon delivers prioritized and evidence-based hypotheses to be tested, and converts them into precise prompts for PBX to build out the tests. On high-confidence recommendations, PBX Ideate delivers 3x higher accuracy than the industry benchmark, helping teams prioritize what to test next.
How are test ideas generated?
Built in collaboration with Conversion.com by GAIN, PBX Ideate is built on a rigorous taxonomy and semantic framework, leveraging learnings from tens of thousands of experiments to analyze your website to surface and prioritize ideas most likely to deliver results.
How are test ideas prioritized?
Ideas are scored and prioritized by their potential impact using a model trained on over 20,000 experiments run over the past decade. This model achieves a 63% accuracy on high-confidence predictions, compared to an industry average of around 20%.
Who can gain access?
While invited Kameleoon customers are prioritized, access is currently also open to invited partners and friends. If you weren’t invited, you can join the waitlist. As we expand availability, more spots will open.
Do I need a Kameleoon account?
Yes. If accepted and you don’t already have one, we’ll create an account for you and send instructions so you can start testing right away.
Are there any terms that I need to agree to?
All participants must agree to our beta program’s terms and conditionsbefore gaining access. No credit card is required.
How long will I have access?
The 30-day access will be granted on a case-by-case basis. Updates on new features, capabilities, and general availability will become available over time.
Do I need to install a script on my website?
Not for generating ideas and using PBX to create front-end experiences based on those ideas. However, if you want to test those experiences live on your site (i.e. run experiments), you’ll need Kameleoon
Web Experimentation
installed on your site.
Ready to try it?
Invite-only
Valid Email is required.
Join the waitlist
[Placeholder text - HubSpot will replace this with form submitting text]
Thanks for submitting the form.
How to join the Promptathon?
© Kameleoon — 2026 All rights Reserved
